In~O
this~O
work~O
we~O
developed~O
a~O
strategy~O
of~O
creating~O
high-density~B-structure control
grain~I-structure control
boundaries~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
micron-strains~I-structure control
inside~I-structure control
CuO~I-structure control
electrocatalysts~I-structure control
by~O
fast~O
cooling~O
with~O
liquid~O
nitrogen.~O

In~O
addition~O
the~O
reaction~O
yielded~O
small~O
amounts~O
of~O
CO~O
<5%~O
H-2~O
and~O
HCOOH~O
as~O
the~O
main~O
products~O
and~O
the~B-structure control
electrocatalytic~I-structure control
activity~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
NCs~I-structure control
was~I-structure control
significantly~I-structure control
enhanced~I-structure control
by~I-structure control
modification~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
N~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
Pd.~I-structure control
This~O
work~O
demonstrates~O
a~O
simple~O
and~O
effective~O
strategy~O
for~O
improving~O
the~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2.~O

The~B-composite
introduction~I-composite
of~I-composite
In2O3~I-composite
into~I-composite
Cu/C~I-composite
to~I-composite
form~I-composite
the~I-composite
CuIn2O3/C~I-composite
nanocomposite~I-composite
evidently~I-composite
enhances~I-composite
the~I-composite
electrocatalytic~I-composite
activity~I-composite
for~I-composite
the~I-composite
selective~I-composite
reduction~I-composite
of~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
to~I-composite
CO.~I-composite
Specifically~O
the~O
CuIn2O3/C~O
nanocomposite~O
exhibits~O
higher~O
Faraday~O
efficiency~O
FE~O
=~O
86.~O

Ag-Cu~O
aerogel~B-structure control
for~O
electrochemical~O
CO2~O
conversion~O
to~O
CO~O
The~O
current~O
strategy~O
of~O
electrocatalytic~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
reaction~O
eCO~O
2~O
RR~O
to~O
generate~O
useful~O
chemicals~O
and~O
hydrocarbons~O
is~O
supposed~O
to~O
effectively~O
mitigate~O
the~O
greenhouse~O
effect.~O

The~B-structure control
rich~I-structure control
mesoporous~I-structure control
structure~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
unique~I-structure control
constitute~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
SF-Cu/CA-1~I-structure control
is~I-structure control
conducive~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
exposed~I-structure control
numerous~I-structure control
active~I-structure control
sites~I-structure control
fast~I-structure control
electron~I-structure control
transfer~I-structure control
rate~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
desorption~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
*CO~I-structure control
intermediate~I-structure control
thus~O
leading~O
to~O
the~O
electrocatalytic~O
CO2RR~O
of~O
SF-Cu/CA-1~O
catalyst~O
with~O
an~O
excellent~O
current~O
density~O
of~O
29.~O

In~O
this~O
work~O
we~O
grew~O
CuBi~B-structure control
bimetallic~I-structure control
catalysts~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
derived~I-structure control
copper~I-structure control
foam~I-structure control
substrates~O
by~O
co-electrodeposition~O
and~O
then~O
investigated~O
the~O
correlation~O
between~O
co-electrodeposition~O
potential~O
and~O
electrochemical~O
performance~O
in~O
CO2-to-formate~O
conversion.~O

Methanol~O
electrosynthesis~O
from~O
CO2~O
at~O
Cu2O/ZnO~O
prompted~O
by~O
pyridine-based~O
aqueous~O
solutions~O
In~O
this~O
study~O
we~O
examine~O
the~O
electrochemical-driven~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
methanol~O
at~O
Cu2O/ZnO~B-composite
gas~O
diffusion~O
electrodes~O
in~O
soluble~O
pyridine-based~O
electrolytes~O
at~O
different~O
concentrations.~O

The~B-structure control
nanoparticles~I-structure control
assembled~I-structure control
1D~I-structure control
structure~I-structure control
provides~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
large~I-structure control
amount~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
edge~I-structure control
active~I-structure control
sites~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
thus~I-structure control
contributes~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
such~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
high~I-structure control
electrocatalytic~I-structure control
activity.~I-structure control

Selective~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
to~O
C2H4~O
on~O
porous~B-structure control
Cu~O
films~O
synthesized~O
by~O
sacrificial~O
support~O
method~O
A~O
series~O
of~O
copper-based~O
electrocatalysts~O
were~O
prepared~O
by~O
the~O
Sacrificial~O
Support~O
Method~O
SSM~O
with~O
variation~O
of~O
synthesis~O
parameters.~O

The~O
results~O
indicate~O
that~O
the~O
faradaic~O
efficiency~O
FE~O
and~O
the~O
energy~O
conversion~O
efficiency~O
EE~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
HCOOH~O
are~O
dependent~O
on~O
the~B-structure control
surface~I-structure control
roughness~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
copper~I-structure control
foil~I-structure control
that~O
can~O
be~O
controlled~O
by~O
the~O
electropolishing~O
time.~O

The~B-composite
electrocatalytic~I-composite
activity~I-composite
of~I-composite
Cu/Cd~I-composite
composite~I-composite
electrode~I-composite
toward~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
reduction~I-composite
was~I-composite
enhanced~I-composite
in~I-composite
comparison~I-composite
with~I-composite
pure~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
plate~I-composite
and~I-composite
Graphite-Paper/Cd~I-composite
G-P/Cd~I-composite
electrodes.~I-composite
The~O
maximum~O
Faradaic~O
efficiency~O
of~O
76.~O

Results~O
showed~O
that~O
the~B-structure control
electrode~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
NPs~I-structure control
prepared~I-structure control
by~I-structure control
NW~I-structure control
route~I-structure control
was~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
best~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
terms~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
average~I-structure control
current~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
carbon~I-structure control
productivity~I-structure control
giving~O
threefold~O
higher~O
formic~O
acid~O
and~O
methanol~O
production~O
with~O
respect~O
to~O
the~O
conventionally~O
prepared~O
Cu/CNT~O
sample.~O

Herein~O
we~O
report~O
a~O
microwave-assistant~O
route~O
to~O
prepare~O
Cu~B-structure control
nanoparticles~I-structure control
decorating~I-structure control
reduced~I-structure control
graphene~I-structure control
oxide~I-structure control
CuNPs/rGO~O
nanohybrids~O
which~O
are~O
characterized~O
by~O
a~O
variety~O
of~O
techniques~O
demonstrating~O
that~O
Cu~O
nanoparticles~O
coupling~O
with~O
CuxO~O
nanoparticles~O
were~O
uniformly~O
anchored~O
on~O
the~O
surface~O
of~O
rGO~O
as~O
well~O
as~O
the~O
existence~O
of~O
grain~O
boundaries.~O

We~O
found~O
the~O
Cu/TiO2/NG~B-composite
nanocomposite~I-composite
across~O
a~O
range~O
of~O
potentials~O
for~O
the~O
electroreduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
exhibits~O
dual~O
catalytic~O
ability~O
possessing~O
an~O
outstanding~O
ability~O
to~O
produce~O
methanol~O
reaching~O
a~O
maximum~O
faradaic~O
efficiency~O
of~O
19.~O

Cu~O
oxide/ZnO-based~O
surfaces~O
for~O
a~O
selective~O
ethylene~O
production~O
from~O
gas-phase~O
CO2~O
electroconversion~O
In~O
this~O
work~O
the~O
application~O
of~O
Cu~B-composite
oxides/ZnO-based~I-composite
electrocatalytic~I-composite
surfaces~I-composite
for~O
the~O
continuous~O
and~O
selective~O
gas-phase~O
electroreduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
ethylene~O
in~O
a~O
filter-press~O
type~O
electrochemical~O
cell~O
is~O
studied.~O

This~B-composite
denotes~I-composite
a~I-composite
synergic~I-composite
effect~I-composite
of~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
and~I-composite
Bi-based~I-composite
MOFs~I-composite
associated~I-composite
with~I-composite
a~I-composite
favored~I-composite
interplay~I-composite
between~I-composite
the~I-composite
actives~I-composite
sites~I-composite
and~I-composite
reaction~I-composite
intermediates~I-composite
prompting~I-composite
methanol~I-composite
formation~I-composite
and~I-composite
C-C~I-composite
coupling~I-composite
reaction~I-composite
to~I-composite
ethanol.~I-composite
The~O
results~O
also~O
show~O
that~O
reaction~O
selectivity~O
to~O
produce~O
alcohols~O
can~O
be~O
controlled~O
by~O
Cu/Bi~O
loading~O
in~O
the~O
electrode~O
surface~O
and~O
current~O
density~O
applied~O
to~O
the~O
system.~O

Syngas~O
production~O
from~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
at~O
high~O
current~O
density~O
using~O
oxide~O
derived~O
Zn/Cu~O
nanocomposite~B-composite
Reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
in~O
an~O
electrochemical~O
reactor~O
may~O
become~O
a~O
future~O
technology~O
for~O
the~O
production~O
of~O
syngas.~O

The~B-composite
notable~I-composite
reactivity~I-composite
toward~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
reduction~I-composite
achieved~I-composite
here~I-composite
can~I-composite
be~I-composite
ascribed~I-composite
to~I-composite
large~I-composite
electrochemically~I-composite
active~I-composite
surface~I-composite
area~I-composite
enhanced~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
adsorption~I-composite
and~I-composite
low~I-composite
electron~I-composite
transfer~I-composite
resistance.~I-composite
Doi:10.~O

Electrocatalytic~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
over~O
dendritic-type~B-structure control
Cu-~I-structure control
and~O
Fe-based~O
electrodes~O
prepared~O
by~O
electrodeposition~O
The~O
identification~O
of~O
the~O
role~O
of~O
nano-morphology~O
of~O
electrodes~O
for~O
the~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
particularly~O
in~O
determining~O
the~O
selectivity~O
towards~O
>~O
C1~O
products~O
of~O
reduction~O
is~O
still~O
a~O
challenge.~O

Here~O
we~O
fabricated~O
a~O
novel~O
networked~O
Bi-based~O
electrode~O
by~O
formed~O
in~O
situ~O
from~O
Bi~B-structure control
dendrites~I-structure control
integrated~I-structure control
into~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
mesh~I-structure control
substrate~I-structure control
via~O
a~O
facile~O
replacement~O
reaction~O
with~O
energy~O
and~O
time~O
savings.~O

Simply~O
and~O
effectively~O
electrodepositing~O
Bi-MWCNT-COOH~B-composite
composite~I-composite
on~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
electrode~I-composite
for~O
efficient~O
electrocatalytic~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
to~O
produce~O
HCOOH~O
Electrocatalytic~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
to~O
produce~O
low-carbon~O
chemicals/fuels~O
is~O
one~O
of~O
the~O
most~O
important~O
approaches~O
for~O
CO2~O
emissions~O
reduction~O
and~O
utilization.~O

Therefore~O
the~B-composite
architecturally~I-composite
arranged~I-composite
CuO/Cu~I-composite
composite~I-composite
catalysts~I-composite
of~I-composite
the~I-composite
CuO/Cu-4:3@BC~I-composite
electrode~I-composite
offer~I-composite
unique~I-composite
structural~I-composite
advantages~I-composite
of~I-composite
good~I-composite
ion~I-composite
and~I-composite
charge~I-composite
transport~I-composite
promoting~I-composite
the~I-composite
catalytic~I-composite
kinetics~I-composite
for~I-composite
the~I-composite
conversion~I-composite
of~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
to~I-composite
CO.~I-composite
The~O
resulting~O
electrode~O
affords~O
CO~O
with~O
a~O
faradaic~O
efficiency~O
of~O
53~O
%~O
at~O
a~O
small~O
overpotential~O
of~O
490~O
mV~O
and~O
a~O
durable~O
activity~O
over~O
40~O
h.~O

The~O
excellent~O
performance~O
is~O
mainly~O
derived~O
from~O
charge~O
re-distribution~O
and~O
the~O
enhanced~O
intrinsic~O
activity~O
due~O
to~O
the~O
formation~O
of~O
In-doped~B-surface modification
Cu2O~I-surface modification
layer.~I-surface modification

This~B-defect
catalyst~I-defect
exhibits~I-defect
high~I-defect
C2H4~I-defect
partial~I-defect
current~I-defect
density~I-defect
and~I-defect
production~I-defect
rate~I-defect
at~I-defect
a~I-defect
low~I-defect
overpotential~I-defect
benefiting~I-defect
from~I-defect
the~I-defect
stepped~I-defect
surface~I-defect
and~I-defect
the~I-defect
modified~I-defect
electronic~I-defect
structure~I-defect
by~I-defect
Cu~I-defect
vacancies.~I-defect

Dendritic~O
copper~B-structure control
microstructured~I-structure control
electrodeposits~I-structure control
for~O
efficient~O
and~O
selective~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
into~O
C1~O
and~O
C2~O
hydrocarbons~O
Here~O
we~O
report~O
synthesis~O
of~O
copper~O
microstructures-based~O
electro-catalyst~O
with~O
controlled~O
morphologies~O
and~O
crystallinity~O
via~O
a~O
rudimentary~O
simple~O
and~O
green~O
electrochemical~O
dissolution~O
method.~O

Two~O
commercial~O
copper-decorated~O
metal~O
organic~O
frameworks~O
MOFs~O
HKUST-1~O
and~O
PCN-62~O
pyrolyzed~B-structure control
at~I-structure control
variable~I-structure control
temperatures~I-structure control
400~I-structure control
-~I-structure control
800~I-structure control
degrees~I-structure control
C~O
were~O
coated~O
on~O
both~O
metallic~O
nickel~O
and~O
copper~O
supports~O
as~O
inks.~O

Further~O
investigations~O
reveal~O
that~O
the~B-structure control
needle-like~I-structure control
dendritic~I-structure control
structure~I-structure control
formed~I-structure control
during~I-structure control
electrolysis~I-structure control
is~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
likely~I-structure control
source~I-structure control
for~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
improved~I-structure control
performance~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
CO2~I-structure control
reduction.~I-structure control

Herein~O
we~B-composite
report~I-composite
the~I-composite
design~I-composite
and~I-composite
synthesis~I-composite
of~I-composite
copper~I-composite
oxide~I-composite
anchored~I-composite
to~I-composite
graphene~I-composite
oxide~I-composite
Cu/CuxO.GO~I-composite
porous~I-composite
microstructures~I-composite
via~I-composite
a~I-composite
simple~I-composite
and~I-composite
atom-economical~I-composite
DC~I-composite
electrophoresis~I-composite
approach~I-composite
that~I-composite
exhibit~I-composite
excellent~I-composite
electro-catalytic~I-composite
activity~I-composite
toward~I-composite
ECO2R.~I-composite

Overall~O
our~O
hybrid~B-composite
catalyst~I-composite
system~I-composite
ER-~O
Cu-5-LDH/rGO~O
is~O
very~O
promising~O
materials~O
for~O
CO2~O
conversion~O
to~O
C2H4~O
displaying~O
remarkable~O
FE~O
high~O
C2H4~O
partial~O
current~O
density~O
and~O
the~O
excellent~O
stability.~O

The~B-defect
amorphous~I-defect
CuEu~I-defect
shell~I-defect
triggered~I-defect
the~I-defect
reaction~I-defect
via~I-defect
a~I-defect
synergistic~I-defect
effect~I-defect
between~I-defect
electronic~I-defect
structure~I-defect
regulation~I-defect
and~I-defect
abundant~I-defect
active~I-defect
defective~I-defect
sites~I-defect
thus~I-defect
facilitating~I-defect
highly~I-defect
efficient~I-defect
methane~I-defect
production~I-defect
from~I-defect
CO2~I-defect
electroreduction.~I-defect
Doi:10.~O

The~B-structure control
electrocatalyst~I-structure control
was~I-structure control
optimized~I-structure control
for~I-structure control
loading~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
NPs~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
NGN.~I-structure control

Enhanced~O
efficiency~O
for~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
electroreduction~O
to~O
formate~O
by~O
electrodeposition~B-composite
Sn~I-composite
on~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
nanowires~I-composite
Electroreduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
formate~O
is~O
one~O
of~O
the~O
most~O
promising~O
methods~O
for~O
CO2~O
utilization~O
and~O
conversion.~O

The~B-structure control
pyrolysis~I-structure control
product~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
FexCu-N-C~I-structure control
increases~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
selectivity~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
CO2-to~I-structure control
CO~I-structure control
due~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
increase~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
BET~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
area~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
total~I-structure control
pore~I-structure control
volume~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
Fe-N-x~I-structure control
sites~I-structure control
as~I-structure control
well~I-structure control
as~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
lower~I-structure control
density~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
NPs~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
carbon~I-structure control
matrix.~I-structure control
The~O
Fe0.~O

In~O
this~O
work~O
we~O
report~O
on~O
generating~O
and~O
testing~O
submicron-sized~B-structure control
nanoporous~I-structure control
copper~I-structure control
npCu~O
particles~O
by~O
using~O
a~O
scalable~O
approach~O
consisting~O
of~O
ball~O
milling~O
brittle~O
Cu-based~O
intermetallics~O
followed~O
by~O
dealloying~O
to~O
add~O
nanoporosity~O
for~O
high~O
surface~O
area.~O

The~B-composite
strong~I-composite
interaction~I-composite
between~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
and~I-composite
In~I-composite
OH~I-composite
3~I-composite
are~I-composite
responsible~I-composite
to~I-composite
promote~I-composite
FECO.~I-composite
Designing~O
the~O
metal/metal~O
hydroxide~O
electrocatalysts~O
for~O
electrochemical~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
reaction~O
opens~O
an~O
alternative~O
opportunity~O
for~O
optimizing~O
efficient~O
and~O
selective~O
catalysts~O
for~O
desired~O
products.~O

This~O
high~O
activity~O
of~O
the~O
Cu-doped~O
ZIF-8~O
catalyst~O
is~O
because~O
of~O
the~O
crystalline~O
nanostructure~O
of~O
our~O
catalyst~O
with~O
sufficient~B-atomic level dispersion
copper~I-atomic level dispersion
active~I-atomic level dispersion
metal~I-atomic level dispersion
sites~I-atomic level dispersion
and~O
N-content~O
micro-meso~O
dual-porosity~O
nature~O
of~O
the~O
structure~O
and~O
broad~O
surface~O
area~O
of~O
zeolite~O
imidazole~O
framework~O
to~O
work~O
on.~O

This~B-composite
good~I-composite
performance~I-composite
was~I-composite
mainly~I-composite
attributed~I-composite
to~I-composite
the~I-composite
synergistic~I-composite
effect~I-composite
between~I-composite
the~I-composite
evenly~I-composite
dispersed~I-composite
Cu/Cu2O~I-composite
and~I-composite
NG~I-composite
leading~I-composite
to~I-composite
good~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
adsorption~I-composite
capacity~I-composite
rapid~I-composite
mass~I-composite
transfer~I-composite
and~I-composite
abundant~I-composite
active~I-composite
sites.~I-composite
Doi:10.~O

The~O
superior~O
performance~O
is~O
mainly~O
attributed~O
to~O
the~O
numerous~O
reaction~O
sites~O
originating~O
due~O
to~O
the~O
inherent~O
irregular~O
atomic~B-structure control
structures~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
amorphous~I-structure control
bimetallic~I-structure control
Cu-Bi~I-structure control
electrocatalysts.~I-structure control

The~O
mechanistic~O
pathways~O
for~O
the~O
understanding~O
of~O
the~O
formation~O
of~O
the~O
face-centred~B-structure control
cubic~I-structure control
Cu2O~I-structure control
NPs~I-structure control
37.5-42~I-structure control
nm~I-structure control
and~O
metal-organic~O
intermediates~O
ligand~O
leading~O
to~O
the~O
development~O
of~O
its~O
stabilizing~O
cap~O
are~O
investigated~O
in~O
details.~O

Originated~O
from~O
the~B-composite
formed~I-composite
Cu-Ag~I-composite
sites~I-composite
and~I-composite
thus~I-composite
enhanced~I-composite
affinity~I-composite
with~I-composite
oxygen-adsorbed~I-composite
intermediates~I-composite
on~I-composite
Cu/Cu2O-Ag-x~I-composite
catalysts~I-composite
the~O
ethanol~O
formation~O
is~O
favored~O
with~O
a~O
greatly~O
improved~O
Faradaic~O
efficiency~O
19.~O

The~O
interface~B-surface modification
between~I-surface modification
CeO2~I-surface modification
nanoparticles~I-surface modification
and~I-surface modification
oxide-derived~I-surface modification
Cu~I-surface modification
might~O
be~O
attributed~O
to~O
the~O
enhanced~O
catalytic~O
activity~O
for~O
C2+~O
products~O
by~O
promoting~O
the~O
C-C~O
coupling~O
process.~O

The~B-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
particles~I-structure control
embedded~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
foil~I-structure control
Cu/Cu-foil~I-structure control
are~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
3D~I-structure control
cuboids~I-structure control
form~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
flat~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
smooth~I-structure control
faces~I-structure control
whereas~O
Cu~O
on~O
Zn~O
foil~O
Cu/Zn-foil~O
emerge~O
in~O
the~O
shape~O
of~O
3D~O
flowers~O
with~O
the~O
club~O
of~O
Cu~O
microspikes~O
grown~O
perpendicularly~O
from~O
a~O
root.~O

The~B-structure control
morphology~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
high-aspect-ratio~I-structure control
nanowire~I-structure control
array~I-structure control
significantly~I-structure control
lowers~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
onset~I-structure control
potential~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
alcohol~I-structure control
formation~I-structure control
due~O
to~O
the~O
diffusion-induced~O
enhancement~O
of~O
the~O
local~O
pH~O
and~O
CO~O
concentration~O
near~O
the~O
nanowire~O
surface.~O

N-doped~O
M-N-C~O
with~O
extensive~O
M-N~B-atomic level dispersion
sites~I-atomic level dispersion
scattering~O
into~O
the~O
carbon~O
matrix~O
are~O
more~O
popular~O
because~O
of~O
their~O
impressive~O
contribution~O
to~O
catalytic~O
activity~O
and~O
specific~O
product~O
selectivity.~O

Amorphous~O
urchin-like~O
copper@nanosilica~O
hybrid~O
for~O
efficient~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
to~O
C2+products~O
Currently~O
most~O
of~O
research~O
efforts~O
for~O
selective~O
electrocatalysis~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
to~O
C2+~O
products~O
have~O
relied~O
on~O
crystalline~O
Cu-based~O
catalysts;~O
amorphous~B-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
abundant~I-structure control
low-coordinated~I-structure control
atoms~I-structure control
holds~I-structure control
greater~I-structure control
promise~I-structure control
for~I-structure control
this~I-structure control
conversion~I-structure control
yet~I-structure control
remains~I-structure control
relatively~I-structure control
underexplored.~I-structure control
Here~I-structure control
we~I-structure control
report~I-structure control
an~I-structure control
amorphous~I-structure control
urchin-like~I-structure control
Cu@nanosilica~I-structure control
hybrid~I-structure control
synthesized~O
by~O
electrostatic~O
coupling~O
Si~O
polyanions~O
with~O
Cu~O
salt~O
in~O
hydrothermal~O
processes.~O

These~B-composite
results~I-composite
suggest~I-composite
that~I-composite
graphene~I-composite
may~I-composite
be~I-composite
used~I-composite
as~I-composite
a~I-composite
promising~I-composite
non-metallic~I-composite
support~I-composite
for~I-composite
the~I-composite
electrochemical~I-composite
reduction~I-composite
of~I-composite
CO2.~I-composite
C~O
2016~O
Elsevier~O
B.~O

XPS~O
EXAFS~O
and~O
EDX~O
mapping~O
results~O
indicate~O
a~O
single-site~B-atomic level dispersion
Cu~I-atomic level dispersion
I~I-atomic level dispersion
center~I-atomic level dispersion
as~O
the~O
catalytically~O
active~O
site.~O

These~O
results~O
in~O
combination~O
with~O
linear~O
sweep~O
voltammetry~O
indicate~O
that~O
the~B-composite
coating~I-composite
of~I-composite
SnCo~I-composite
on~I-composite
a~I-composite
porous~I-composite
copper~I-composite
scaffold~I-composite
resulted~I-composite
in~I-composite
the~I-composite
fabrication~I-composite
of~I-composite
a~I-composite
promising~I-composite
electrochemical~I-composite
catalyst~I-composite
which~O
can~O
greatly~O
increase~O
the~O
electrocatalysis~O
selectivity~O
for~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
to~O
formate.~O

Furthermore~O
the~O
influence~O
of~O
the~O
nanoscale~B-structure control
morphology~I-structure control
is~O
imperative~O
for~O
the~O
production~O
of~O
C2+~O
compounds.~O

In~O
this~O
work~O
we~O
have~O
successfully~O
synthesized~O
and~O
characterized~O
a~O
tetra-coordinated~B-atomic level dispersion
mononuclear~I-atomic level dispersion
copper~I-atomic level dispersion
complex~I-atomic level dispersion
[CuIIL2]~O
ClO4~O
2?2CH3OH~O
1~O
L~O
=~O
methoxy-di-pyridin-2-ylmethanol~O
with~O
planar~O
configuration~O
which~O
can~O
simultaneously~O
serve~O
as~O
an~O
efficient~O
molecular~O
electrocatalyst~O
for~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
and~O
water~O
oxidation.~O

Due~O
to~O
their~O
morphological~B-structure control
advantage~I-structure control
at~O
low~O
overpotential~O
ranges~O
the~O
Ag/Cu~O
and~O
Au/Cu~O
foams~O
showed~O
higher~O
CO~O
partial~O
current~O
densities~O
than~O
those~O
of~O
Ag~O
and~O
Au~O
films~O
respectively.~O

Therefore~O
the~B-structure control
well-ordered~I-structure control
3D~I-structure control
interconnected~I-structure control
bi-continuous~I-structure control
mesopores~I-structure control
structure~I-structure control
has~I-structure control
advantages~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
abundant~I-structure control
exposed~I-structure control
catalytically~I-structure control
active~I-structure control
sites~I-structure control
efficient~I-structure control
mass~I-structure control
transport~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
high~I-structure control
electrical~I-structure control
conductivity~I-structure control
which~I-structure control
result~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
excellent~I-structure control
electrocatalytic~I-structure control
CO2~I-structure control
RR~I-structure control
performance.~I-structure control
The~O
prepared~O
3D~O
ordered~O
mesoporous~O
Cu~O
sphere~O
array~O
3D-OMCuSA~O
exhibits~O
a~O
low~O
onset~O
potential~O
of~O
-0.~O

Our~O
results~O
indicate~O
that~O
the~B-composite
CO-enriched~I-composite
local~I-composite
environment~I-composite
generated~I-composite
by~I-composite
Ag~I-composite
can~I-composite
enhance~I-composite
C~I-composite
2+~I-composite
formation~I-composite
on~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
beyond~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
or~I-composite
CO~I-composite
feeding~I-composite
suggesting~O
new~O
mechanisms~O
in~O
a~O
tandem~O
three-phase~O
environment.~O

Efficient~O
Electrocatalytic~O
CO2~O
Reduction~O
to~O
C2+~O
Alcohols~O
at~O
Defect-Site-Rich~B-defect
Cu~O
Surface~O
Electrochemical~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
is~O
a~O
promising~O
approach~O
for~O
upgrading~O
excessive~O
CO2~O
into~O
value-added~O
chemicals~O
while~O
the~O
exquisite~O
control~O
of~O
the~O
catalyst~O
atomic~O
structures~O
to~O
obtain~O
high~O
C2+~O
alcohol~O
selectivity~O
has~O
remained~O
challenging~O
due~O
to~O
the~O
intrinsically~O
favored~O
ethylene~O
pathways~O
at~O
Cu~O
surface.~O

Further~O
analysis~O
of~O
products~O
reveals~O
that~O
faradic~B-structure control
efficiencies~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
alcohols~I-structure control
methanol~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
ethanol~I-structure control
are~I-structure control
greatly~I-structure control
dependent~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
nanostructures~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
compositions~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Cu-Au~I-structure control
alloys.~I-structure control
It~O
is~O
expected~O
that~O
this~O
work~O
could~O
provide~O
new~O
insight~O
into~O
the~O
development~O
of~O
powerful~O
electrocatalysts~O
for~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
alcohols.~O

One-dimensional~O
CuIn~O
alloy~B-alloy
nanowires~O
as~O
a~O
robust~O
and~O
efficient~O
electrocatalyst~O
for~O
selective~O
CO2-to-CO~O
conversion~O
Electrical~O
anodization~O
of~O
Cu~O
foil~O
produces~O
one-dimensional~O
Cu~O
nanowires~O
of~O
high~O
surface~O
areas~O
which~O
turns~O
to~O
CuIn~O
alloy~O
nanowires~O
by~O
indium~O
electrodeposition~O
replacing~O
edge~O
site~O
Cu~O
atoms.~O

Copper~O
hollow~B-structure control
fiber~I-structure control
electrode~I-structure control
for~O
efficient~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
Electrocatalytic~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
useful~O
chemicals~O
is~O
a~O
prospective~O
strategy~O
that~O
can~O
address~O
both~O
carbon~O
emission~O
abatement~O
and~O
sustainable~O
energy~O
development.~O

The~B-structure control
enhanced~I-structure control
catalytic~I-structure control
performance~I-structure control
is~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
result~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
formation~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
high~I-structure control
electrochemical~I-structure control
active~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
area~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
high~I-structure control
density~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
preferred~I-structure control
low-index~I-structure control
facets.~I-structure control
C~O
2017~O
King~O
Saud~O
University.~O

It~O
is~O
suggested~O
that~O
K-PBA~B-composite
shell~I-composite
coating~I-composite
alter~I-composite
inherent~I-composite
adsorption~I-composite
energetics~I-composite
of~I-composite
Cu2O~I-composite
which~I-composite
contributes~I-composite
to~I-composite
the~I-composite
C-C~I-composite
coupling~I-composite
step~I-composite
in~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
ER.~I-composite

When~O
being~O
applied~O
to~O
the~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
HCOOH~O
CuS~B-structure control
nanoflowers~I-structure control
exhibited~O
high~O
Faradic~O
efficiency~O
similar~O
to~O
52%~O
due~O
to~O
its~O
high~O
S~O
content~O
and~O
specific~O
morphology~O
compared~O
to~O
their~O
more~O
Cu-rich~O
counterparts.~O

Herein~O
we~O
designed~O
a~O
series~O
of~O
CuxSny~O
x~O
y~O
are~O
the~O
molar~O
ratio~O
bimetallic~O
alloy~B-alloy
catalysts~O
by~O
the~O
co-electrodeposition~O
strategy~O
for~O
electrocatalytic~O
CO2RR~O
to~O
HCOOH~O
generation.~O

The~O
p-NG~O
itself~O
can~O
catalyze~O
the~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
to~O
formate~O
but~O
in~O
the~O
composite~O
p-NG-Cu~O
structure~O
the~B-composite
pyridinic-N~I-composite
functions~I-composite
as~I-composite
a~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
and~I-composite
proton~I-composite
absorber~I-composite
facilitating~I-composite
hydrogenation~I-composite
and~I-composite
carbon-carbon~I-composite
coupling~I-composite
reactions~I-composite
on~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
for~I-composite
the~I-composite
formation~I-composite
of~I-composite
C2H4.~I-composite

We~O
believe~O
that~O
controllable~B-structure control
size~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
composition~I-structure control
for~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
bimetallic~I-structure control
nanoparticles~I-structure control
are~I-structure control
critical~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
CO2~I-structure control
reduction~I-structure control
activity~I-structure control
enhancement~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
high~I-structure control
CO~I-structure control
Faradaic~I-structure control
efficiency.~I-structure control
The~O
insights~O
gained~O
through~O
this~O
work~O
may~O
shed~O
light~O
in~O
a~O
foundation~O
for~O
designing~O
efficient~O
catalysts~O
for~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2.~O

The~B-structure control
high~I-structure control
activity~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
significant~I-structure control
selectivity~I-structure control
enhancement~I-structure control
are~I-structure control
attributable~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
formation~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
abundant~I-structure control
grain~I-structure control
boundary~I-structure control
supported~I-structure control
active~I-structure control
sites~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
preferable~I-structure control
100~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
111~I-structure control
facets~I-structure control
as~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
result~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
reconstruction~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
facets.~I-structure control
This~O
work~O
demonstrates~O
that~O
the~O
structural~O
integration~O
of~O
Cu~O
foam~O
with~O
open~O
3D~O
frameworks~O
and~O
the~O
favorable~O
surface~O
structures~O
is~O
a~O
promising~O
strategy~O
to~O
develop~O
an~O
advanced~O
Cu~O
electrocatalyst~O
that~O
can~O
operate~O
at~O
high~O
current~O
density~O
and~O
low~O
overpotential~O
for~O
CO2~O
reduction.~O

Highly~O
efficient~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
on~O
ordered~B-structure control
porous~I-structure control
Cu~O
electrode~O
derived~O
from~O
Cu2O~O
inverse~O
opals~O
Electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
fuels~O
is~O
a~O
promising~O
way~O
to~O
reduce~O
CO2~O
emission~O
and~O
address~O
the~O
environment~O
and~O
energy~O
crisis.~O

Phase~O
and~O
structure~O
modulating~O
of~O
bimetallic~O
CuSn~O
nanowires~B-structure control
boosts~O
electrocatalytic~O
conversion~O
of~O
CO2~O
While~O
electrochemical~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
reduction~O
reaction~O
CO2RR~O
is~O
a~O
highly~O
desirable~O
approach~O
for~O
converting~O
CO2~O
into~O
highly-valued~O
fuels~O
and~O
chemicals~O
the~O
design~O
and~O
create~O
of~O
efficient~O
CO2~O
RR~O
catalysts~O
with~O
excellent~O
selectivity~O
to~O
desirable~O
product~O
and~O
long-term~O
stability~O
still~O
remains~O
great~O
challenge.~O

The~O
selective~O
oxidation~O
of~O
Cu~O
in~O
the~O
bimetallic~O
Ag15Cu85~O
catalyst~O
goes~O
along~O
with~O
an~B-structure control
enrichment~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
oxides~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
formed~I-structure control
mixed~I-structure control
AgCuxO~I-structure control
foam.~I-structure control

Herein~O
we~O
report~O
the~O
preparation~O
of~O
self-supported~B-structure control
Ag-Cu~I-structure control
bimetallic~I-structure control
catalysts~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
bicontinuous~I-structure control
nanoporous~I-structure control
geometries~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
adjustable~I-structure control
compositions~I-structure control
through~O
an~O
electrochemical~O
anodizing/dealloying~O
process~O
of~O
Ag52Cu39Sn9~O
alloy~O
foil~O
to~O
exploit~O
their~O
performances~O
in~O
electrocatalytic~O
CO2~O
reduction.~O

We~O
found~O
that~O
the~B-composite
interfacial~I-composite
interaction~I-composite
between~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
and~I-composite
Ag~I-composite
affects~I-composite
the~I-composite
valence~I-composite
electronic~I-composite
states~I-composite
as~I-composite
confirmed~I-composite
by~I-composite
synchrotron~I-composite
radiation~I-composite
photoelectron~I-composite
spectroscopy~I-composite
and~I-composite
density~I-composite
functional~I-composite
theory~I-composite
calculation.~I-composite
The~O
Ag~O
adatom~O
on~O
Cu~O
surface~O
decreases~O
charge~O
density~O
by~O
forming~O
an~O
additional~O
bond~O
with~O
Cu.~O

Synergy~O
effects~O
on~O
Sn-Cu~O
alloy~B-alloy
catalyst~O
for~O
efficient~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
to~O
formate~O
with~O
high~O
mass~O
activity~O
To~O
acquire~O
the~O
synergy~O
effects~O
between~O
Sn~O
and~O
Cu~O
for~O
the~O
jointly~O
high~O
Faradaic~O
efficiency~O
and~O
current~O
density~O
we~O
develop~O
a~O
novel~O
strategy~O
to~O
design~O
the~O
Sn-Cu~O
alloy~O
catalyst~O
via~O
a~O
decorated~O
co-electrodeposition~O
method~O
for~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
to~O
formate.~O

These~B-composite
results~I-composite
point~I-composite
out~I-composite
that~I-composite
the~I-composite
interaction~I-composite
between~I-composite
the~I-composite
copper~I-composite
nanoparticles~I-composite
and~I-composite
the~I-composite
carbon~I-composite
support~I-composite
plays~I-composite
an~I-composite
important~I-composite
role~I-composite
in~I-composite
the~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
electrocatalytic~I-composite
reduction~I-composite
process.~I-composite
Doi:10.~O

The~O
Cu-CuxO/CNT/BC~B-composite
nanocomposite~I-composite
electrode~O
was~O
in-situ~O
fabricated~O
via~O
reduction~O
with~O
the~O
CNT/BC~O
composite~O
as~O
a~O
support~O
comparing~O
KBH4~O
and~O
NaBH4~O
as~O
a~O
reducing~O
agent~O
to~O
obtain~O
efficient~O
electrodes~O
for~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
ECR-CO2~O
.~O

Crystallite~B-structure control
size~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
predominant~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
species~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
catalysts~I-structure control
are~I-structure control
between~I-structure control
7~I-structure control
microemulsion~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
16~I-structure control
nm~I-structure control
SFD~I-structure control
.~I-structure control
The~O
use~O
of~O
these~O
catalysts~O
in~O
the~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
in~O
gas~O
phase~O
produce~O
carbon~O
monoxide~O
as~O
main~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
product~O
followed~O
by~O
formic~O
acid~O
and~O
methane.~O

The~B-composite
synergistic~I-composite
effect~I-composite
of~I-composite
the~I-composite
catalyst~I-composite
has~I-composite
been~I-composite
reported~I-composite
to~I-composite
C-2.~I-composite

Facile~O
electrochemical~O
fabrication~O
of~O
Ag/Cu~O
bi-metallic~O
catalysts~O
and~O
the~O
dependence~O
of~O
their~O
selectivity~O
for~O
electrochemical~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
on~O
the~O
surface~B-surface modification
composition~I-surface modification
Herein~O
bimetallic~O
Ag/Cu~O
nanowires~O
NWs~O
are~O
prepared~O
by~O
electrochemical~O
synthesis~O
of~O
Cu~O
NWs~O
and~O
subsequent~O
Ag~O
galvanic~O
displacement~O
for~O
the~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
CO.~O

As~O
the~O
catalyst~O
CuO/ZnO~B-composite
3:7~I-composite
by~I-composite
mole~I-composite
ratio~I-composite
mixed~I-composite
oxides~I-composite
end~O
a~O
mixture~O
of~O
a~O
Cu~O
powder~O
4N~O
-325~O
mesh~O
and~O
a~O
ZnO~O
powder~O
were~O
examined.~O

Electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
at~O
various~O
series~O
of~O
copper~O
single~O
crystal~O
electrodes~O
Electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
was~O
studied~O
with~O
various~B-structure control
series~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
copper~I-structure control
single~I-structure control
crystal~I-structure control
electrodes~I-structure control
in~O
0.~O

Efficient~O
electrocatalytic~O
reduction~O
of~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
to~O
ethylene~O
on~O
copper-antimony~O
bimetallic~O
alloy~B-alloy
catalyst~O
The~O
exploration~O
of~O
efficient~O
electrocatalysts~O
for~O
the~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
C2H4~O
is~O
of~O
significant~O
importance~O
but~O
is~O
also~O
a~O
challenging~O
subject.~O

The~B-structure control
dendritic~I-structure control
Cu-In-30~I-structure control
catalyst~I-structure control
electrodeposited~I-structure control
for~I-structure control
30~I-structure control
min~I-structure control
shows~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
highest~I-structure control
specific~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
area~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
exposes~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
most~I-structure control
active~I-structure control
sites~I-structure control
resulting~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
improved~I-structure control
CO2RR~I-structure control
activity.~I-structure control
The~O
dendritic~O
Cu-In-30~O
catalyst~O
exhibits~O
distinctly~O
higher~O
formate~O
partial~O
current~O
density~O
42.~O

Based~B-composite
on~I-composite
the~I-composite
strong~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
adsorption~I-composite
and~I-composite
ultrafast~I-composite
reaction~I-composite
kinetics~I-composite
of~I-composite
CO*~I-composite
formation~I-composite
on~I-composite
Pd~I-composite
an~I-composite
intimate~I-composite
CuPd~I-composite
100~I-composite
interface~I-composite
was~I-composite
designed~I-composite
to~I-composite
lower~I-composite
the~I-composite
intermediate~I-composite
reaction~I-composite
barriers~I-composite
and~I-composite
improve~I-composite
the~I-composite
efficiency~I-composite
of~I-composite
C-2~I-composite
product~I-composite
formation.~I-composite
Density~O
functional~O
theory~O
DFT~O
calculations~O
showed~O
that~O
the~O
CuPd~O
100~O
interface~O
enhanced~O
the~O
CO2~O
adsorption~O
and~O
decreased~O
the~O
CO2*~O
hydrogenation~O
energy~O
barrier~O
which~O
was~O
beneficial~O
for~O
the~O
C-C~O
coupling.~O

We~O
show~O
that~O
surface~B-structure control
roughness~I-structure control
is~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
good~I-structure control
descriptor~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
catalytic~I-structure control
performance.~I-structure control

Our~O
work~O
demonstrates~O
that~O
interface~B-composite
engineering~I-composite
is~I-composite
a~I-composite
promising~I-composite
way~I-composite
to~I-composite
stabilize~I-composite
active~I-composite
sites~I-composite
and~I-composite
boost~I-composite
selective~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
electroreduction.~I-composite

In~O
contrast~O
to~O
the~O
monometallic~O
Au~O
and~O
Cu~O
catalysts~O
the~O
AuCu~B-alloy
bimetallic~I-alloy
catalyst~I-alloy
gives~O
a~O
95.~O

Copper~O
Nanocrystal~O
Morphology~O
Determines~O
the~O
Viability~O
of~O
Molecular~B-surface modification
Surface~I-surface modification
Functionalization~I-surface modification
in~O
Tuning~O
Electrocatalytic~O
Behavior~O
in~O
CO2~O
Reduction~O
Molecular~O
surface~O
functionalization~O
of~O
metallic~O
catalysts~O
is~O
emerging~O
as~O
an~O
ever-developing~O
approach~O
to~O
tuning~O
their~O
catalytic~O
performance.~O

The~O
dopant~O
of~O
Br-~O
ions~O
induced~O
copious~O
oxygen~O
vacancies~O
on~O
CuO~O
lattices~O
thereby~O
reducing~O
the~O
activation~O
energy~O
of~O
CO2~O
molecules~O
and~O
optimizing~O
intermediate~O
species~O
and~O
their~O
adsorption~O
behaviors~O
while~O
adsorbed~B-surface modification
CTA~I-surface modification
+~I-surface modification
cations~I-surface modification
modulated~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
O~I-surface modification
affinity~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
Cu~I-surface modification
sites~I-surface modification
favoring~I-surface modification
*OCH2CH3~I-surface modification
intermediate~I-surface modification
converting~I-surface modification
to~I-surface modification
ethanol.~I-surface modification

Electrochemical~O
Reduction~O
of~O
Carbon~O
Dioxide~O
to~O
Ethane~O
Using~O
Nanostructured~B-structure control
Cu2O-Derived~O
Copper~O
Catalyst~O
and~O
Palladium~O
II~O
Chloride~O
A~O
method~O
to~O
facilitate~O
the~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
CO2~O
to~O
ethane~O
C2H6~O
was~O
developed.~O

Ten~B-structure control
Cu2O-derived~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
films~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
different~I-structure control
thicknesses~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
morphologies~I-structure control
were~I-structure control
prepared~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
extensively~I-structure control
characterized.~I-structure control
Aqueous~O
0.~O

The~B-structure control
geometric~I-structure control
effects~I-structure control
dominantly~I-structure control
account~I-structure control
for~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
synergistic~I-structure control
effect~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
CO~I-structure control
product~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
control~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
activity~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
hydrocarbons.~I-structure control
This~O
study~O
serves~O
as~O
a~O
good~O
starting~O
point~O
to~O
tune~O
the~O
energetics~O
of~O
the~O
intermediate~O
binding~O
to~O
achieve~O
even~O
higher~O
selectivity~O
and~O
activity~O
for~O
core~O
shell~O
structured~O
catalysts.~O

We~O
report~O
here~O
an~B-structure control
investigation~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
effects~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
four~I-structure control
different~I-structure control
preparations~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
oxide-derived~I-structure control
electrocatalysts~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
their~I-structure control
activity~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
selectivity~I-structure control
for~I-structure control
CO2~I-structure control
reduction~I-structure control
with~O
particular~O
attention~O
given~O
to~O
the~O
selectivity~O
to~O
products.~O

Selective~O
Electrocatalytic~O
Reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
into~O
CO~O
at~O
Small~B-surface modification
Thiol-Capped~I-surface modification
Au/Cu~O
Nanoparticles~O
The~O
electrochemical~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
reaction~O
CO2RR~O
is~O
a~O
promising~O
approach~O
for~O
converting~O
fossil~O
fuel~O
emissions~O
into~O
environmentally~O
sustainable~O
chemicals~O
and~O
fuels.~O

Experimental~O
and~O
Theoretical~O
Elucidation~O
of~O
Electrochemical~O
CO2~O
Reduction~O
on~O
an~O
Electrodeposited~O
Cu3Sn~O
Alloy~B-alloy
The~O
reaction~O
selectivity~O
of~O
an~O
electrode~O
catalyst~O
can~O
be~O
modulated~O
by~O
regulating~O
its~O
crystal~O
structure~O
and~O
the~O
modified~O
electrode~O
may~O
show~O
different~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
selectivity~O
from~O
that~O
of~O
its~O
constituent~O
metal.~O

Herein~O
an~O
oxidative~O
etching~O
of~O
Au20Cu80~O
alloy~O
is~O
used~O
for~O
the~O
synthesis~O
of~O
a~O
nanoporous~O
Au3Cu~O
alloy~B-alloy
representing~O
a~O
facile~O
strategy~O
for~O
tuning~O
the~O
surface~O
electronic~O
properties~O
and~O
altering~O
the~O
adsorption~O
behavior~O
of~O
the~O
intermediates.~O

Copper-Bismuth~O
Bimetallic~O
Microspheres~B-structure control
for~O
Selective~O
Electrocatalytic~O
Reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
Formate~O
main~O
observation~O
and~O
conclusion~O
Electrocatalytic~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
reduction~O
holds~O
great~O
promise~O
for~O
reducing~O
the~O
atmospheric~O
CO2~O
level~O
and~O
alleviating~O
the~O
energy~O
crisis.~O

It~O
was~O
found~O
that~O
during~B-composite
the~I-composite
whole~I-composite
process~I-composite
the~I-composite
morphology~I-composite
and~I-composite
composition~I-composite
of~I-composite
Bi/Cu~I-composite
electrocatalysts~I-composite
varied~I-composite
indicating~I-composite
that~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
acted~I-composite
as~I-composite
not~I-composite
only~I-composite
the~I-composite
electrode~I-composite
substrates~I-composite
but~I-composite
also~I-composite
the~I-composite
active~I-composite
materials~I-composite
for~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
reduction.~I-composite
After~O
optimization~O
Bi/Cu~O
materials~O
achieved~O
high~O
activity~O
of~O
59.~O

The~O
catalyst's~O
activity~O
correlates~O
to~O
the~O
calculated~O
metallic~O
surface~O
area~O
as~O
determined~O
from~O
a~O
geometrical~O
model~O
confirming~O
that~O
the~B-composite
mesoporous~I-composite
channels~I-composite
act~I-composite
as~I-composite
a~I-composite
diffusion~I-composite
path~I-composite
for~I-composite
the~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
molecule~I-composite
and~I-composite
that~I-composite
the~I-composite
whole~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
surface~I-composite
is~I-composite
accessible~I-composite
to~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
even~O
if~O
particles~O
are~O
entrapped~O
in~O
the~O
carbon~O
matrix.~O

The~O
electrodes~O
show~O
relatively~O
high~O
surface~O
areas~O
accessibilities~O
and~O
exposure~B-atomic level dispersion
of~I-atomic level dispersion
the~I-atomic level dispersion
Cu~I-atomic level dispersion
catalytic~I-atomic level dispersion
centers~I-atomic level dispersion
as~O
well~O
as~O
favorable~O
electrocatalytic~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
performance~O
that~O
is~O
they~O
have~O
a~O
high~O
efficiency~O
for~O
the~O
production~O
of~O
methanol~O
and~O
ethanol~O
in~O
the~O
liquid~O
phase.~O

The~B-surface modification
modification~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
Cu2O~I-surface modification
with~I-surface modification
Sn~I-surface modification
and~I-surface modification
In~I-surface modification
further~O
enhanced~O
the~O
current~O
efficiency~O
CE~O
for~O
CO~O
ca.~O

Here~O
we~B-structure control
demonstrate~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
facile~I-structure control
method~I-structure control
for~I-structure control
tuning~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
hydrocarbon~I-structure control
selectivities~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
CuOx~I-structure control
nanoparticle~I-structure control
ensembles~I-structure control
by~I-structure control
varying~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
nanoparticle~I-structure control
areal~I-structure control
density.~I-structure control
The~O
sensitive~O
dependence~O
of~O
the~O
experimental~O
ethylene~O
selectivity~O
on~O
catalyst~O
particle~O
areal~O
density~O
is~O
attributed~O
to~O
a~O
diffusional~O
interparticle~O
coupling~O
that~O
controls~O
the~O
de-~O
and~O
re-adsorption~O
of~O
CO~O
and~O
thus~O
the~O
effective~O
coverage~O
of~O
COad~O
intermediates.~O

In~O
this~O
work~O
we~B-structure control
designed~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
sulfur-doped~I-structure control
Cu2O-derived~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
catalyst~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
showed~I-structure control
that~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
presence~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
sulfur~I-structure control
can~I-structure control
tune~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
selectivity~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
significantly~I-structure control
from~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
production~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
various~I-structure control
CO2~I-structure control
reduction~I-structure control
products~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
almost~I-structure control
exclusively~I-structure control
formate.~I-structure control
Sulfur~O
is~O
doped~O
into~O
the~O
Cu~O
catalysts~O
by~O
dipping~O
the~O
Cu~O
substrates~O
into~O
ammonium~O
polysulfide~O
solutions.~O

This~O
study~O
demonstrates~O
that~O
pairing~B-composite
Cu~I-composite
catalysts~I-composite
with~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
capture~I-composite
supports~I-composite
is~I-composite
a~I-composite
promising~I-composite
approach~I-composite
for~I-composite
designing~I-composite
highly~I-composite
effective~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
reduction~I-composite
electrocatalysts.~I-composite
Doi:10.~O
