It~O
was~O
clearly~O
confirmed~O
that~O
the~O
Au~B-surface modification
thin~I-surface modification
layer~I-surface modification
formed~I-surface modification
by~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
electrochemical~I-surface modification
galvanic~I-surface modification
displacement~I-surface modification
on~I-surface modification
polycrystalline~I-surface modification
Cu~I-surface modification
surface~I-surface modification
resulted~O
in~O
a~O
markedly~O
enhanced~O
performance~O
for~O
the~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
CO.~O

Reducing~O
the~O
onset~O
potential~O
of~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
on~O
CuRu~O
bimetallic~O
particles~O
Lower~O
onset~O
potentials~O
for~O
hydrocarbon~O
products~O
were~O
observed~O
during~O
the~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
CO2RR~O
on~O
copper~B-surface modification
particles~I-surface modification
40-60~I-surface modification
nm~I-surface modification
coated~I-surface modification
with~I-surface modification
a~I-surface modification
thin~I-surface modification
layer~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
ruthenium~I-surface modification
via~O
galvanic~O
displacement~O
referred~O
to~O
as~O
Ru@Cu.~O

Theoretical~O
calculations~O
indicate~O
that~O
the~B-defect
abundant~I-defect
vacancy~I-defect
defects~I-defect
exposed~I-defect
on~I-defect
ultrathin~I-defect
Cu~I-defect
nanosheets~I-defect
can~I-defect
accelerate~I-defect
the~I-defect
initial~I-defect
kinetics~I-defect
of~I-defect
CO~I-defect
formation~I-defect
during~I-defect
the~I-defect
CO2~I-defect
conversion~I-defect
process.~I-defect

Cu-Pd~O
alloy~B-alloy
nanoparticles~O
as~O
highly~O
selective~O
catalysts~O
for~O
efficient~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
CO~O
Although~O
a~O
copper~O
catalyst~O
has~O
very~O
interesting~O
properties~O
in~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
reaction~O
CO2RR~O
the~O
high~O
overpotential~O
of~O
this~O
reaction~O
and~O
low~O
selectivity~O
of~O
the~O
catalyst~O
for~O
a~O
single~O
product~O
are~O
major~O
hindrances~O
to~O
catalyst~O
commercialization.~O

Our~O
study~O
reveals~O
that~O
the~O
observed~O
high~O
performance~O
of~O
G-CuxO-2~O
h~O
electrocatalyst~O
should~O
not~O
only~O
benefit~O
from~O
the~O
stabilized~O
CO2~O
center~O
dot-~O
intermediate~O
but~O
also~O
contribute~O
from~O
the~O
facilitated~O
rate-limiting~O
step~O
of~O
HCOO-~O
desorption~O
which~B-structure control
are~I-structure control
both~I-structure control
closely~I-structure control
related~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
an~I-structure control
optimized~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
I~I-structure control
content~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
electrocatalyst.~I-structure control

The~B-composite
excellent~I-composite
performance~I-composite
of~I-composite
high~I-composite
activity~I-composite
is~I-composite
mainly~I-composite
due~I-composite
to~I-composite
the~I-composite
appearance~I-composite
of~I-composite
abundant~I-composite
Sn-Cu~I-composite
interfaces~I-composite
after~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
embedded~I-composite
into~I-composite
Sn~I-composite
nanoparticles.~I-composite

The~O
formed~O
Cu~O
nanodendrites~O
exhibit~O
superior~O
catalytic~O
activity~O
for~O
the~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
showing~O
that~O
the~B-structure control
unique~I-structure control
nanostructure~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
large~I-structure control
electrochemically~I-structure control
active~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
area~I-structure control
play~I-structure control
critical~I-structure control
roles~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
efficient~I-structure control
electrochemical~I-structure control
reduction~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
CO2.~I-structure control
Gas~O
chromatography~O
and~O
NMR~O
spectroscopy~O
were~O
employed~O
to~O
identify~O
the~O
products~O
of~O
the~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
confirming~O
the~O
formation~O
of~O
CO~O
CH4~O
HCOO-~O
CH3COO-~O
and~O
CH3OH.~O

Herein~O
we~O
report~O
that~O
bimetallic~B-composite
copper~I-composite
and~I-composite
tin~I-composite
are~I-composite
simultaneously~I-composite
deposited~I-composite
on~I-composite
the~I-composite
nitrogen~I-composite
doped~I-composite
porous~I-composite
carbon~I-composite
cloth~I-composite
N-CC~I-composite
via~O
an~O
efficient~O
and~O
facile~O
co-electroplating~O
strategy.~O

Selective~O
electrochemical~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
on~O
Cu-Pd~O
heterostructure~B-composite
In~O
this~O
work~O
a~O
novel~O
Cu-Pd~O
heterostructure~O
derived~O
from~O
CuCl-PdOx~O
hexagonal~O
microplates~O
was~O
prepared~O
to~O
tune~O
selective~O
single~O
hydrocarbon~O
production~O
from~O
electrochemical~O
CO2~O
reduction.~O

Due~O
to~O
add-in~B-structure control
synergies~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
hierarchically~I-structure control
porous~I-structure control
structures~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
bimetallic~I-structure control
elemental~I-structure control
compositions~I-structure control
the~O
resultant~O
HMMP~O
Cu/Zn~O
alloy~O
catalysts~O
remarkably~O
promote~O
the~O
deep~O
electroreduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
liquid~O
C-2~O
products~O
while~O
simultaneously~O
suppressing~O
the~O
competitive~O
proton~O
reduction.~O

DFT~O
calculations~O
suggest~O
the~B-composite
interface~I-composite
of~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
planes~I-composite
and~I-composite
polyoxometalate~I-composite
clusters~I-composite
with~I-composite
abundant~I-composite
Cu-O-Mo~I-composite
active~I-composite
sites~I-composite
promote~I-composite
the~I-composite
generation~I-composite
of~I-composite
*CH3~I-composite
and~I-composite
successive~I-composite
coupling~I-composite
with~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
insertion~I-composite
showing~O
a~O
potential~O
dependence~O
of~O
acetate~O
production.~O

Herein~O
an~O
experimental-theoretical~O
study~O
shows~O
the~O
existence~O
of~O
potentialand~O
facet-dependent~B-structure control
pathways~I-structure control
for~I-structure control
CO2~I-structure control
reduction~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
CH4~I-structure control
on~O
Cu.~O

Efficient~O
electrocatalytic~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
HCOOH~O
by~O
bimetallic~O
In-Cu~O
nanoparticles~O
with~O
controlled~B-structure control
growth~I-structure control
facet~I-structure control
The~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
formic~O
acid~O
HCOOH~O
by~O
Indium~O
In~O
-based~O
materials~O
have~O
been~O
considered~O
an~O
effective~O
way~O
to~O
solve~O
the~O
energy~O
crisis.~O

Atomic~O
nickel~O
cluster~O
decorated~O
defect-rich~O
copper~O
for~O
enhanced~O
C-2~O
product~O
selectivity~O
in~O
electrocatalytic~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
This~O
work~O
describes~O
a~O
coordination~O
enabled~O
galvanic~O
replacement~O
method~O
to~O
decorate~B-surface modification
atomic~I-surface modification
Ni~I-surface modification
clusters~I-surface modification
on~I-surface modification
defect-rich~I-surface modification
Cu~I-surface modification
surface~I-surface modification
to~I-surface modification
provide~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
first~I-surface modification
Ni/Cu~I-surface modification
bimetallic~I-surface modification
system~I-surface modification
that~O
significantly~O
enhances~O
the~O
production~O
of~O
C2~O
products~O
from~O
electrocatalytic~O
CO2~O
reduction.~O

Owing~B-composite
to~I-composite
formation~I-composite
of~I-composite
Bi-Cu~I-composite
interface~I-composite
through~I-composite
the~I-composite
separated~I-composite
growth~I-composite
of~I-composite
Bi~I-composite
and~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
atoms~I-composite
on~I-composite
defective~I-composite
copper~I-composite
foam~I-composite
the~I-composite
Bi-Cu~I-composite
bimetallic~I-composite
electrode~I-composite
converts~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
to~I-composite
formate~I-composite
with~O
an~O
allured~O
Faradaic~O
efficiency~O
94.~O

The~B-composite
excellent~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
reduction~I-composite
to~I-composite
CO~I-composite
can~I-composite
be~I-composite
attributed~I-composite
to~I-composite
the~I-composite
intimate~I-composite
interfacial~I-composite
interaction~I-composite
between~I-composite
the~I-composite
g-C3N4~I-composite
and~I-composite
metal~I-composite
oxides~I-composite
Cu2O-FeO~I-composite
and~I-composite
the~I-composite
higher~I-composite
electrochemically~I-composite
active~I-composite
surface~I-composite
area.~I-composite
Therefore~O
this~O
work~O
demonstrates~O
the~O
use~O
of~O
a~O
g-C3N4/mixed~O
metal~O
oxide~O
heterostructure~O
as~O
a~O
novel~O
and~O
efficient~O
nanocomposite~O
for~O
electrocatalytic~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
in~O
neutral~O
aqueous~O
medium.~O

Herein~O
novel~B-composite
copper@poly~I-composite
ionic~I-composite
liquid~I-composite
Cu@PIL~I-composite
hybrids~I-composite
demonstrate~I-composite
multi-electron~I-composite
reduction~I-composite
>~I-composite
2e~I-composite
-~I-composite
with~I-composite
current~I-composite
densities~I-composite
>=~I-composite
300~I-composite
mA~I-composite
cm~I-composite
-2~I-composite
.~I-composite
Remarkably~O
Cu@PIL~O
with~O
F-~O
anion~O
exhibits~O
high~O
C2+~O
faradaic~O
efficiency~O
of~O
58~O
%~O
with~O
a~O
high~O
partial~O
current~O
density~O
of~O
174~O
mA~O
cm~O
-2~O
.~O

The~O
unique~B-structure control
rice~I-structure control
spike-like~I-structure control
microstructure~I-structure control
intensifies~O
the~O
local~O
electric~O
field~O
to~O
raise~O
the~O
CO2~O
concentration~O
at~O
the~O
reaction~O
sites.~O

Herein~O
the~B-structure control
rod-like~I-structure control
CuBi~I-structure control
bimetallic~I-structure control
catalysts~I-structure control
were~I-structure control
synthesized~I-structure control
by~I-structure control
carbonization~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
oxidation~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
CuBi-MOF~I-structure control
precursors.~I-structure control
Owing~O
to~O
the~O
formation~O
of~O
Bi2CuO4~O
in~O
the~O
interface~O
of~O
catalyst~O
the~O
activity~O
and~O
selectivity~O
of~O
the~O
bimetallic~O
CuBi~O
catalysts~O
were~O
greatly~O
enhanced~O
showing~O
an~O
allured~O
high~O
FEformate~O
of~O
100~O
%~O
at~O
-0.~O

Herein~O
a~B-composite
novel~I-composite
KCu7S4/CuO~I-composite
interfacial~I-composite
structure~I-composite
is~I-composite
well~I-composite
constructed~I-composite
to~I-composite
induce~I-composite
the~I-composite
formation~I-composite
of~I-composite
localized~I-composite
charge~I-composite
region~I-composite
to~I-composite
optimize~I-composite
the~I-composite
adsorption~I-composite
properties~I-composite
of~I-composite
active~I-composite
intermediates~I-composite
at~I-composite
the~I-composite
interface~I-composite
to~I-composite
promote~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
electroreduction.~I-composite
The~O
catalyst~O
of~O
interfacial~O
catalyst~O
delivered~O
boosted~O
CO2RR~O
activity~O
and~O
selectivity~O
toward~O
formate~O
with~O
a~O
Faraday~O
efficiency~O
FE~O
of~O
71.~O

Integrating~O
the~O
improved~O
intrinsic~O
activity~O
of~O
Bi~O
catalytic-sites~O
and~O
the~B-structure control
superiority~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
foam~I-structure control
in~O
exposing~O
more~O
active~O
sites~O
and~O
the~O
mechanical~O
strength~O
the~O
BiCu/CF~O
electrode~O
with~O
optimal~O
thickness~O
can~O
acquire~O
satisfactory~O
indicators~O
for~O
industrial~O
application~O
yielding~O
a~O
record~O
formate~O
current~O
density~O
of~O
856~O
mA~O
cm~O
-2~O
higher~O
than~O
85%~O
Faradic~O
efficiency~O
along~O
with~O
a~O
remarkable~O
stability~O
which~O
outperforms~O
state-of-the-art~O
Bi-based~O
catalysts.~O

Electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
at~O
low~O
overpotential~O
on~O
a~O
polyaniline/Cu2O~O
nanocomposite~O
based~O
electrode~O
The~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
using~O
Cu2O~O
nanoparticle~O
decorated~O
polyaniline~O
matrix~O
PANI/Cu2O~B-composite
in~O
0.~O

The~O
Cu/CeO2~B-structure control
catalysts~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
different~I-structure control
morphologies~I-structure control
were~O
synthesized~O
and~O
it~O
is~O
discovered~O
that~O
the~O
nanorod~O
Cu/CeO2~O
catalyst~O
exhibits~O
high~O
selectivity~O
for~O
CO2-to-CH4~O
with~O
the~O
highest~O
turnover~O
frequency~O
for~O
CH4~O
production~O
among~O
the~O
samples.~O

The~O
density~O
functional~O
theory~O
computations~O
unravel~O
that~O
the~B-atomic level dispersion
exceptionally~I-atomic level dispersion
high~I-atomic level dispersion
CO2~I-atomic level dispersion
electrocatalytic~I-atomic level dispersion
performance~I-atomic level dispersion
of~I-atomic level dispersion
the~I-atomic level dispersion
CuFe~I-atomic level dispersion
nitrogen-carbon~I-atomic level dispersion
electrode~I-atomic level dispersion
arises~I-atomic level dispersion
from~I-atomic level dispersion
its~I-atomic level dispersion
favorable~I-atomic level dispersion
local~I-atomic level dispersion
coordination~I-atomic level dispersion
environment~I-atomic level dispersion
and~I-atomic level dispersion
electronic~I-atomic level dispersion
structure~I-atomic level dispersion
giving~I-atomic level dispersion
rise~I-atomic level dispersion
to~I-atomic level dispersion
cooperative~I-atomic level dispersion
metal~I-atomic level dispersion
and~I-atomic level dispersion
pyridine~I-atomic level dispersion
N~I-atomic level dispersion
active~I-atomic level dispersion
sites~I-atomic level dispersion
for~I-atomic level dispersion
electrochemical~I-atomic level dispersion
CO2~I-atomic level dispersion
reduction~I-atomic level dispersion
to~I-atomic level dispersion
CO.~I-atomic level dispersion
Doi:10.~O

In~O
this~O
paper~O
a~O
novel~O
nano-sized~B-structure control
Bi-based~I-structure control
electrocatalyst~I-structure control
deposited~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
foil~I-structure control
has~O
been~O
synthesized~O
which~O
can~O
be~O
used~O
as~O
a~O
cathode~O
for~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
formate~O
with~O
a~O
low~O
overpotential~O
0.~O

The~B-composite
Sn/f-Cu~I-composite
electrode~I-composite
exhibits~I-composite
excellent~I-composite
catalytic~I-composite
activity~I-composite
for~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
reduction~I-composite
compared~I-composite
with~I-composite
the~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
foam~I-composite
electrode~I-composite
and~I-composite
the~I-composite
Sn~I-composite
plate~I-composite
electrode.~I-composite
The~O
average~O
current~O
density~O
and~O
the~O
production~O
rate~O
of~O
formate~O
for~O
the~O
Sn/f-Cu~O
electrode~O
are~O
more~O
than~O
twice~O
those~O
for~O
the~O
Sn~O
plate~O
electrode~O
during~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2.~O

In-situ~O
grown~O
nanoporous~O
Zn-Cu~O
catalysts~O
on~O
brass~O
foils~O
for~O
enhanced~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
In-situ~O
grown~O
nanoporous~B-structure control
Zn-Cu~I-structure control
catalysts~I-structure control
were~O
prepared~O
by~O
simply~O
annealing~O
a~O
commercial~O
brass~O
foil~O
at~O
500~O
degrees~O
C~O
in~O
air~O
followed~O
by~O
electrochemical~O
reduction.~O

The~O
prepared~O
Cu~O
NPs~O
exhibit~O
porous~B-structure control
morphology~I-structure control
in~O
pure~O
metallic~O
state~O
with~O
high~O
surface~O
area~O
of~O
630~O
m~O
2~O
.~O

Herein~O
we~B-defect
developed~I-defect
a~I-defect
facile~I-defect
one-pot~I-defect
approach~I-defect
to~I-defect
prepare~I-defect
Cu~I-defect
delta+~I-defect
-rich~I-defect
catalyst~I-defect
by~I-defect
doping~I-defect
phosphorus.~I-defect
Enhanced~O
performance~O
and~O
tunable~O
product~O
selectivities~O
are~O
achieved~O
due~O
to~O
the~O
electron~O
donor-acceptor~O
interaction~O
based~O
on~O
phosphorus~O
content~O
in~O
series.~O

Results~O
suggest~O
that~O
the~O
Faradaic~O
efficiency~O
FE~O
for~O
multicarbon~O
products~O
could~O
be~O
tuned~O
by~O
varying~B-structure control
the~I-structure control
loading~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Zn~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
CuZnx/NGN.~I-structure control

Here~O
we~B-structure control
experimentally~I-structure control
studied~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
relationship~I-structure control
between~I-structure control
sharpness~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Sn/Cu~I-structure control
catalysts~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
their~I-structure control
activity~I-structure control
through~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
fabrication~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Sn/Cu~I-structure control
foil~I-structure control
rods~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
cones.~I-structure control
The~O
Sn/Cu~O
catalysts~O
were~O
fabricated~O
by~O
template-based~O
nanoimprint~O
lithography~O
electroplating~O
of~O
Cu~O
film~O
and~O
electroless~O
coating~O
of~O
Sn~O
nanoparticles.~O

The~B-composite
CuS/N~I-composite
S-rGO~I-composite
electrode~I-composite
exhibits~I-composite
excellent~I-composite
performance~I-composite
for~I-composite
CO2RR~I-composite
is~I-composite
attributed~I-composite
to~I-composite
the~I-composite
synergistic~I-composite
effect~I-composite
between~I-composite
N~I-composite
S-rGO~I-composite
and~I-composite
CuS~I-composite
and~O
graphene~O
can~O
improve~O
stability~O
of~O
composite.~O

The~B-composite
excellent~I-composite
performance~I-composite
of~I-composite
Cu2O/NCS~I-composite
is~I-composite
attributed~I-composite
to~I-composite
the~I-composite
high~I-composite
dispersion~I-composite
of~I-composite
cubic~I-composite
Cu2O~I-composite
nanocrystals~I-composite
and~I-composite
the~I-composite
abundant~I-composite
pyridinic-N~I-composite
moieties~I-composite
in~I-composite
NCS.~I-composite

Herein~O
we~O
reported~O
a~O
facile~O
and~O
scalable~O
strategy~O
to~O
prepare~O
the~O
Cu~B-atomic level dispersion
single-atom~I-atomic level dispersion
catalyst~I-atomic level dispersion
Cu~O
SAs/NC~O
with~O
exceptional~O
CO~O
production~O
performances.~O

Electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
on~O
electrodeposited~O
Cu~O
electrodes~O
crystalline~O
phase~O
sensitivity~O
on~O
selectivity~O
The~O
product~B-surface modification
distribution~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
electrochemical~I-surface modification
reduction~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
CO2~I-surface modification
can~I-surface modification
be~I-surface modification
altered~I-surface modification
by~I-surface modification
modifying~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
surface~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
pure~I-surface modification
copper~I-surface modification
by~I-surface modification
deposition.~I-surface modification
In~O
this~O
study~O
chronoamperometric~O
deposition~O
of~O
Cu~O
on~O
Cu~O
Cu/Cu~O
was~O
carried~O
out~O
at~O
two~O
different~O
CuSO4~O
bath~O
concentrations~O
0.~O

This~B-defect
increased~I-defect
selectivity~I-defect
towards~I-defect
the~I-defect
formation~I-defect
of~I-defect
C-2~I-defect
chemicals~I-defect
meanwhile~I-defect
suppressed~I-defect
C-1~I-defect
chemicals~I-defect
are~I-defect
attributed~I-defect
to~I-defect
the~I-defect
presence~I-defect
of~I-defect
surface~I-defect
defects~I-defect
and~I-defect
a~I-defect
large~I-defect
number~I-defect
of~I-defect
grain~I-defect
boundaries~I-defect
on~O
the~O
CuO-derived~O
porous~O
Cu~O
nanoribbon~O
arrays~O
electrode.~O

Such~B-composite
a~I-composite
configuration~I-composite
enables~I-composite
the~I-composite
outer~I-composite
layer~I-composite
to~I-composite
act~I-composite
as~I-composite
a~I-composite
filter~I-composite
that~I-composite
protects~I-composite
the~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
surface~I-composite
from~I-composite
adsorption~I-composite
of~I-composite
undesirable~I-composite
species~I-composite
enhances~I-composite
its~I-composite
electrocatalytic~I-composite
performance~I-composite
and~I-composite
improves~I-composite
its~I-composite
viability~I-composite
in~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
electroreduction~I-composite
reaction.~I-composite
The~O
enhanced~O
selectivity~O
of~O
the~O
Cu/OLC~O
catalyst~O
towards~O
the~O
C2H4~O
production~O
is~O
most~O
likely~O
related~O
to~O
the~O
enhanced~O
electrocatalytic~O
activity~O
of~O
the~O
OLC~O
support~O
towards~O
the~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
to~O
CO.~O

Aqueous-phase~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
based~O
on~O
SnO2-CuO~O
nanocomposites~O
with~O
improved~O
catalytic~O
activity~O
and~O
selectivity~O
In~O
the~O
present~O
study~O
we~O
demonstrate~O
that~O
the~O
activity~O
and~O
selectivity~O
of~O
SnO2~O
nanocatalysts~O
during~O
the~O
aqueous-phase~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
CO2~O
can~O
be~O
effectively~O
tailored~O
by~O
coupling~B-structure control
of~I-structure control
nanostructured~I-structure control
CuO~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
form~I-structure control
SnO2-CuO~I-structure control
nanocomposites.~I-structure control

A~B-composite
rational~I-composite
catalyst~I-composite
design~I-composite
strategy~I-composite
for~I-composite
further~I-composite
improvement~I-composite
of~I-composite
the~I-composite
ZnO/CNT~I-composite
catalyst~I-composite
is~I-composite
to~I-composite
dope~I-composite
with~I-composite
copper~I-composite
to~I-composite
strengthen~I-composite
the~I-composite
binding~I-composite
energy~I-composite
of~I-composite
the~I-composite
CO~I-composite
intermediate~I-composite
which~I-composite
could~I-composite
improve~I-composite
the~I-composite
activity.~I-composite
In~O
this~O
work~O
a~O
series~O
of~O
CuZnO/CNT~O
catalysts~O
with~O
intimate~O
Cu~O
and~O
Zn~O
contact~O
and~O
various~O
Cu~O
loadings~O
are~O
prepared.~O

The~B-composite
enhanced~I-composite
ethanol~I-composite
formation~I-composite
is~I-composite
ascribed~I-composite
to~I-composite
more~I-composite
CO~I-composite
formation~I-composite
on~I-composite
Au~I-composite
sites~I-composite
to~I-composite
promote~I-composite
C-C~I-composite
coupling.~I-composite
Our~O
study~O
demonstrates~O
an~O
effective~O
approach~O
to~O
develop~O
Cu-based~O
electrocatalysts~O
for~O
ethanol~O
formation~O
from~O
CO2.~O

Consequently~O
in~O
this~O
work~O
we~O
synthesise~O
characterise~O
and~O
preliminarily~O
evaluate~O
bimetallic~O
Cu-based~O
hollow~O
fibre~O
electrodes~O
with~O
a~B-structure control
compact~I-structure control
three-dimensional~I-structure control
geometry~I-structure control
to~O
overcome~O
mass~O
transfer~O
limitations~O
and~O
to~O
enhance~O
the~O
electrochemical~O
conversion~O
of~O
CO2.~O

Clear~B-structure control
differences~I-structure control
between~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
catalysts~I-structure control
derived~I-structure control
from~I-structure control
CuS~I-structure control
Cu2S~I-structure control
or~I-structure control
CuO~I-structure control
nanoparticles~I-structure control
were~I-structure control
observed~I-structure control
which~I-structure control
was~I-structure control
ascribed~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
presence~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
residual~I-structure control
sulfur~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
catalysts.~I-structure control
Doi:10.~O

The~O
presence~O
of~O
Cu1+~O
and~O
the~O
unique~B-structure control
electrode~I-structure control
morphology~I-structure control
may~O
simultaneously~O
lead~O
to~O
the~O
enhanced~O
electrochemical~O
activity.~O

As~B-structure control
the~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
content~I-structure control
increased~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
morphologies~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Ag-Cu~I-structure control
dendrite~I-structure control
catalysts~I-structure control
changed~I-structure control
significantly~I-structure control
from~I-structure control
round~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
flower-like~I-structure control
shapes~I-structure control
accompanied~I-structure control
by~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
decrease~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
branch~I-structure control
size~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
dendritic~I-structure control
structure.~I-structure control
A~O
crystallographic~O
study~O
of~O
the~O
Ag-Cu~O
dendrite~O
catalysts~O
demonstrated~O
the~O
formation~O
of~O
Ag~O
and~O
Cu~O
co-deposits~O
while~O
a~O
compositional~O
characterization~O
confirmed~O
the~O
presence~O
of~O
a~O
Cu-rich~O
surface.~O

Moreover~O
the~O
detailed~O
density~O
functional~O
theory~O
DFT~O
calculations~O
have~O
demonstrated~O
that~O
the~B-composite
high~I-composite
activity~I-composite
and~I-composite
selectivity~I-composite
for~I-composite
HCOOH~I-composite
production~I-composite
was~I-composite
attributed~I-composite
to~I-composite
the~I-composite
synergy~I-composite
effects~I-composite
of~I-composite
exposed~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
111~I-composite
facets~I-composite
and~I-composite
carbon~I-composite
substrate.~I-composite

Construction~O
of~O
atomically~B-atomic level dispersion
dispersed~I-atomic level dispersion
Cu-N-4~O
sites~O
via~O
engineered~O
coordination~O
environment~O
for~O
high-efficient~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
Although~O
considerable~O
progress~O
has~O
been~O
achieved~O
by~O
Cu~O
nanoparticles~O
for~O
catalyzing~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
reaction~O
CO2RR~O
Cu~O
single~O
atom~O
catalysts~O
Cu~O
SACs~O
are~O
generally~O
suffered~O
from~O
inferior~O
performance~O
to~O
that~O
of~O
widely~O
investigated~O
Fe~O
Co~O
Ni~O
SACs.~O

Compared~O
with~O
the~O
oxide-derived~O
copper~O
and~O
the~O
copper-based~O
carbon~O
material~O
derivative~O
grown~O
in~O
situ~O
on~O
oxidized~O
copper~O
foils~O
the~O
as-prepared~O
copper-indium~O
electrocatalyst~O
with~O
a~O
self-supporting~O
structure~O
high~B-defect
roughness~I-defect
factor~I-defect
and~I-defect
rich~I-defect
lattice~I-defect
defects~I-defect
exhibits~O
a~O
superior~O
CO~O
Faradaic~O
efficiency~O
of~O
95%~O
and~O
good~O
stability~O
for~O
the~O
36-h~O
potentiostatic~O
test~O
at~O
-0.~O

To~O
this~O
end~O
a~O
composite~O
of~O
indium~O
species~O
on~O
CuO~O
InOx@CuO~O
was~O
facilely~O
synthesized~O
for~O
CO2RR~O
and~O
it~O
is~O
found~O
that~O
the~O
selectivity~O
of~O
the~O
target~O
product~O
could~O
be~O
accurately~O
tuned~O
through~O
incorporating~B-structure control
post-transition~I-structure control
species~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
Cu-based~I-structure control
materials;~I-structure control
the~O
desirable~O
Faraday~O
efficiencies~O
of~O
over~O
90%~O
with~O
a~O
maximum~O
value~O
of~O
97.~O

The~B-structure control
better~I-structure control
performance~I-structure control
was~I-structure control
mainly~I-structure control
attributed~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
unique~I-structure control
prism~I-structure control
feature~I-structure control
as~I-structure control
it~I-structure control
provided~I-structure control
abundant~I-structure control
corner-~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
edge-based~I-structure control
low-coordinated~I-structure control
active~I-structure control
reaction~I-structure control
sites.~I-structure control

The~O
study~O
shows~O
that~O
the~B-composite
impregnation~I-composite
of~I-composite
Cu2O~I-composite
on~I-composite
MWCNTs~I-composite
affects~I-composite
the~I-composite
structural~I-composite
and~I-composite
electronic~I-composite
properties~I-composite
of~I-composite
the~I-composite
electrode~I-composite
which~I-composite
in~I-composite
turn~I-composite
improves~I-composite
both~I-composite
the~I-composite
activity~I-composite
and~I-composite
stability~I-composite
of~I-composite
the~I-composite
catalyst~I-composite
as~O
confirmed~O
by~O
chronoamperometry.~O

HKUST-1-derived~O
highly~B-structure control
ordered~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
nanosheets~I-structure control
with~O
enriched~O
edge~O
sites~O
stepped~O
211~O
surfaces~O
and~O
200~O
facets~O
for~O
effective~O
electrochemical~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
A~O
novel~O
electrode~O
composed~O
of~O
Cu~O
nanosheets~O
constructed~O
from~O
nanoparticles~O
was~O
synthesized~O
by~O
in~O
situ~O
electrochemical~O
derivation~O
from~O
the~O
metal-organic~O
framework~O
MOF~O
HKUST-1.~O

C3N4/~B-composite
Co~I-composite
OH~I-composite
2~I-composite
/Cu~I-composite
OH~I-composite
2~I-composite
showed~I-composite
superior~I-composite
performance~I-composite
with~I-composite
electrocatalytic~I-composite
activity~I-composite
more~I-composite
than~I-composite
three~I-composite
times~I-composite
of~I-composite
C3N4/~I-composite
Co/Co~I-composite
OH~I-composite
2~I-composite
.~I-composite
The~O
product~O
of~O
CO2~O
electro-reduction~O
was~O
identified~O
using~O
a~O
rotating~O
ring~O
disc~O
electrode~O
RRDE~O
system~O
to~O
be~O
primarily~O
formate.~O

Bimetallic~B-composite
CuBi~I-composite
nanoparticles~I-composite
are~I-composite
demonstrated~I-composite
as~I-composite
electrocatalytical~I-composite
active~I-composite
centers.~I-composite
By~O
varying~O
the~O
Cu:~O
Bi~O
atomic~O
fraction~O
we~O
report~O
for~O
the~O
first~O
time~O
to~O
tune~O
the~O
ECO2RR~O
products~O
selectivity~O
from~O
CO~O
to~O
formate.~O

Formation~O
of~O
Cu~O
nanostructured~O
electrode~O
surfaces~O
by~O
an~O
annealing-electroreduction~O
procedure~O
to~O
achieve~O
high-efficiency~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
An~O
effective~O
fibrous~B-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
electrode~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
created~O
using~O
a~O
procedure~O
combining~O
high-temperature~O
annealing~O
and~O
electroreduction~O
is~O
explored~O
for~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
to~O
produce~O
useful~O
fuels.~O

Electrochemical~O
and~O
FTIR~O
spectroscopic~O
study~O
of~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
at~O
a~O
nanostructured~B-structure control
Cu/reduced~O
graphene~O
oxide~O
thin~O
film~O
Here~O
we~O
report~O
a~O
facile~O
approach~O
to~O
synthesize~O
a~O
novel~O
nanostructured~O
thin~O
film~O
comprising~O
Cu~O
nanoparticles~O
NPs~O
and~O
reduced~O
graphene~O
oxide~O
rGO~O
on~O
a~O
glassy~O
carbon~O
electrode~O
GCE~O
via~O
the~O
direct~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
a~O
mixture~O
of~O
cupper~O
and~O
graphene~O
oxide~O
GO~O
precursors.~O

A~O
strategy~O
to~O
eliminate~O
carbon~O
deposition~O
on~O
a~O
copper~O
electrode~O
in~O
order~O
to~O
enhance~O
its~O
stability~O
in~O
CO2RR~O
catalysis~O
by~O
introducing~B-defect
crystal~I-defect
defects~I-defect
Cu~O
is~O
the~O
only~O
electrocatalyst~O
that~O
converts~O
CO2~O
into~O
appreciable~O
quantities~O
of~O
hydrocarbons.~O

The~B-composite
Cu-CeOx~I-composite
interface~I-composite
produced~I-composite
using~I-composite
this~I-composite
method~I-composite
offers~I-composite
synergistic~I-composite
geometric~I-composite
and~I-composite
electronic~I-composite
effects~I-composite
which~I-composite
optimize~I-composite
the~I-composite
adsorption~I-composite
strength~I-composite
of~I-composite
reaction~I-composite
intermediates~I-composite
for~I-composite
the~I-composite
electroreduction~I-composite
of~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
to~I-composite
CO.~I-composite
In~O
a~O
flow~O
cell~O
configuration~O
a~O
current~O
density~O
of~O
100~O
mA~O
cm~O
-2~O
and~O
a~O
CO~O
faradaic~O
efficiency~O
of~O
59.~O

The~O
hydrocarbons~O
C2H4~O
and~O
C2H6~O
are~O
formed~O
in~O
the~O
presence~O
of~O
honeycomb-like~O
and~O
foam~O
structures~O
whilst~O
CH4~O
formation~O
is~O
suppressed~O
and~O
it~O
was~O
concluded~O
that~O
the~B-structure control
structure~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
copper~I-structure control
electrodeposits~I-structure control
has~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
major~I-structure control
effect~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
electrochemical~I-structure control
conversion~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
CO2.~I-structure control

Highly-active~O
copper~O
oxide/copper~O
electrocatalysts~O
induced~O
from~O
hierarchical~O
copper~O
oxide~O
nanospheres~O
for~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
reduction~O
reaction~O
Novel~O
hierarchical~B-structure control
copper~I-structure control
oxide~I-structure control
CuXO~I-structure control
nanosphere~I-structure control
particles~O
are~O
synthesized~O
and~O
then~O
coated~O
onto~O
gas~O
diffusion~O
layer~O
carbon~O
to~O
form~O
a~O
working~O
electrode~O
for~O
catalyzing~O
CO2~O
electroreduction.~O

We~O
present~O
a~O
new~O
method~O
for~O
the~O
in-situ~B-surface modification
modification~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
a~I-surface modification
copper~I-surface modification
catalyst~I-surface modification
by~O
adding~O
oxygen~O
to~O
the~O
reactant~O
gas.~O

Cu~B-composite
layers~I-composite
prepared~I-composite
by~I-composite
underpotential~I-composite
deposition~I-composite
induced~I-composite
charge~I-composite
transfer~I-composite
from~I-composite
Pd~I-composite
to~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
and~I-composite
a~I-composite
downward~I-composite
shift~I-composite
of~I-composite
the~I-composite
average~I-composite
d-band~I-composite
center~I-composite
of~I-composite
the~I-composite
catalyst~I-composite
relative~I-composite
to~I-composite
the~I-composite
Fermi~I-composite
level.~I-composite
As~O
a~O
result~O
the~O
Cu-modified~O
Pd~O
catalyst~O
demonstrated~O
improved~O
CO~O
tolerance~O
and~O
an~O
increase~O
in~O
Faradaic~O
efficiency~O
for~O
formate~O
production~O
without~O
sacrificing~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
activity.~O

Graphene/ZnO/Cu2O~O
electrocatalyst~O
for~O
selective~O
conversion~O
of~O
CO2~O
into~O
n-propanol~O
In~O
this~O
work~O
Graphene~B-composite
GN~I-composite
/ZnO/Cu2O~I-composite
electrodes~O
were~O
fabricated~O
and~O
tested~O
for~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
in~O
0.~O

The~B-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
nanostructured~I-structure control
electrode~I-structure control
shows~I-structure control
much~I-structure control
higher~I-structure control
current~I-structure control
density~I-structure control
than~I-structure control
polycrystalline~I-structure control
Cu.~I-structure control
By~O
sputter~O
coating~O
a~O
thin~O
layer~O
of~O
Au~O
on~O
the~O
Cu~O
nanowires~O
the~O
Faradaic~O
efficiency~O
FE~O
of~O
CO~O
can~O
exceed~O
30%.~O

The~O
electrochemical~O
production~O
of~O
C-2/C-3~O
species~O
from~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
on~O
copper-modified~O
boron-doped~O
diamond~O
electrodes~O
We~O
report~O
on~O
the~O
first~O
observation~O
of~O
the~O
production~O
of~O
C-2/C-3~O
species~O
from~O
the~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
at~O
the~O
surfaces~O
of~O
copper-modified~B-composite
boron-doped~I-composite
diamond~I-composite
Cu-BDD~O
electrodes~O
in~O
aqueous~O
media~O
at~O
room~O
temperature~O
and~O
ambient~O
pressure.~O

The~O
formation~O
of~O
AuxCu1-x~O
alloy~B-alloy
thin~O
films~O
and/or~O
the~O
introduction~O
of~O
an~O
O-2~O
atmosphere~O
during~O
deposition~O
does~O
not~O
yield~O
to~O
any~O
marked~O
increase~O
of~O
the~O
formation~O
of~O
carbonaceous~O
compounds~O
and~O
CO~O
and~O
H-2~O
were~O
the~O
only~O
two~O
products~O
formed~O
along~O
with~O
formate~O
detected~O
in~O
trace~O
amounts~O
<~O
1%~O
.~O

Detailed~O
investigation~O
has~O
revealed~O
that~O
the~O
electrocatalytic~O
capability~O
of~O
this~O
catalyst~O
can~O
be~O
attributed~O
to~O
the~O
boundaries~O
between~O
Cu~O
and~O
Cd~O
that~O
could~O
provide~O
sufficient~O
active~O
sites~O
for~O
the~O
CO2RR~O
and~O
the~O
formation~O
of~O
Cu2Cd~O
alloy~B-alloy
that~O
could~O
enhance~O
the~O
binding~O
energy~O
between~O
the~O
catalyst~O
and~O
the~O
intermediate.~O

Electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
on~O
copper-based~O
nanocatalysts~O
using~O
the~O
rotating~O
ring-disc~O
electrode~O
A~O
continuous~O
hydrothermal~O
flow~O
synthesis~O
method~O
was~O
used~O
to~O
produce~O
copper~O
I~O
oxide~O
nanoparticles~B-structure control
which~O
were~O
used~O
as~O
an~O
electrocatalyst~O
for~O
the~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2.~O

In~O
this~O
work~O
as~O
a~O
proof-of-concept~O
experiment~O
one~O
effective~O
protocol~O
is~O
first~O
identified~O
to~O
drive~O
the~O
positive~O
evolution~O
of~O
surface~O
contents~O
on~O
nanoporous~B-structure control
Cu-In~O
by~O
electrochemical~O
training~O
in~O
KHCO3~O
electrolyte.~O

In~O
this~O
study~O
we~O
used~O
a~B-composite
stepwise~I-composite
synthesis~I-composite
method~I-composite
to~I-composite
prepare~I-composite
CuO~I-composite
nanoflake~I-composite
@Co3O4~I-composite
nanowire~I-composite
composite~I-composite
nano-arrays~I-composite
denote~O
as~O
CuO/Co3O4~O
composite~O
which~O
show~O
an~O
excellent~O
electrochemical~O
performance.~O

The~O
porous~O
structure~O
of~O
the~O
MOF~O
serves~O
as~O
a~O
template~O
for~O
the~O
synthesis~O
of~O
isolated~B-atomic level dispersion
Cu~I-atomic level dispersion
NP~I-atomic level dispersion
clusters~I-atomic level dispersion
with~O
high~O
catalytic~O
activities~O
and~O
high~O
efficiencies~O
for~O
the~O
CH4~O
production~O
in~O
the~O
electrochemical~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
reaction.~O

Due~O
to~O
the~O
imidazolyl~O
groups~O
connected~O
to~O
the~O
surface~O
of~O
ionic~O
liquid~O
functionalized~O
graphite~O
sheets~O
ILGS~O
Cu2O~O
nanocubes~O
were~O
induced~O
to~O
grow~O
on~O
ILGS~O
to~O
obtain~O
Cu2O/ILGS~O
composites~O
where~O
the~B-structure control
size~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Cu2O~I-structure control
can~I-structure control
be~I-structure control
controlled~I-structure control
by~I-structure control
adjusting~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
concentration~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Cu2+.~I-structure control

Decoration~O
of~O
N-functionalized~O
graphene~O
nanoflakes~O
with~O
copper-based~O
nanoparticles~O
for~O
high~O
selectivity~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
towards~O
formate~O
The~O
present~O
electrocatalyst~O
consists~O
of~O
copper~O
and~O
copper~B-structure control
sulfide~I-structure control
nanoparticles~I-structure control
dispersed~O
on~O
graphene~O
nanoflakes~O
GNFs~O
a~O
stack~O
of~O
5-20~O
highly~O
crystalline~O
graphene~O
layers~O
having~O
typical~O
side~O
lengths~O
of~O
100~O
by~O
100~O
nm.~O

1%~O
emphasized~O
the~B-structure control
in-situ~I-structure control
formation~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Cu2O~I-structure control
from~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
redox~I-structure control
active~I-structure control
centre~I-structure control
present~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
La2CuO4.~I-structure control

The~O
crystal~O
structures~O
of~O
both~O
complexes~O
have~O
been~O
determined~O
by~O
single-crystal~O
X-ray~O
diffraction;~O
1~O
and~O
2~O
have~O
binuclear~O
structures~O
and~O
Cu~B-atomic level dispersion
II~I-atomic level dispersion
centres~I-atomic level dispersion
in~O
both~O
complexes~O
adopt~O
a~O
distorted~O
square~O
pyramidal~O
geometry.~O

Herein~O
nanostructured~B-structure control
self-supporting~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
electrodes~I-structure control
with~O
Cu~O
foam~O
as~O
the~O
substrate~O
with~O
progressive~O
morphologies~O
of~O
nanowires~O
CuNW~O
nanosheets~O
CuNS~O
and~O
nanoflowers~O
CuNF~O
are~O
in-situ~O
prepared~O
by~O
simply~O
adjusting~O
the~O
reaction~O
time~O
in~O
a~O
strongly~O
alkaline~O
oxidizing~O
solution.~O

Copper~O
Cu~O
and~O
cuprous~B-structure control
oxide~I-structure control
Cu2O~I-structure control
nanocatalysts~I-structure control
have~O
been~O
synthesized~O
and~O
characterized~O
by~O
X-ray~O
Diffraction~O
XRD~O
Transmission~O
Electron~O
Microscopy~O
TEM~O
and~O
Field~O
Emission~O
Scanning~O
Electron~O
Microscopy~O
FESEM~O
for~O
finding~O
the~O
differences~O
in~O
their~O
surface~O
characteristics~O
in~O
order~O
to~O
explain~O
the~O
selectivity~O
of~O
product~O
in~O
their~O
use~O
as~O
catalysts.~O

Cu~O
nanoparticles~B-composite
deposited~I-composite
on~I-composite
CNT~I-composite
by~O
supercritical~O
fluid~O
deposition~O
for~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
in~O
a~O
gas~O
phase~O
GDE~O
cell~O
Climate~O
change~O
has~O
turned~O
into~O
one~O
of~O
the~O
most~O
important~O
concerns~O
for~O
scientist~O
in~O
the~O
last~O
years~O
due~O
to~O
the~O
huge~O
increase~O
of~O
CO2~O
concentration~O
in~O
the~O
atmosphere~O
in~O
the~O
last~O
century.~O

Control~O
experiments~O
have~O
indicated~O
that~O
the~B-structure control
potential~I-structure control
synergistic~I-structure control
interactions~I-structure control
between~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
0~I-structure control
from~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
NPs~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
Cu-N-x~I-structure control
sites~I-structure control
have~I-structure control
promoting~I-structure control
effects~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
both~I-structure control
ORR~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
CO2RR.~I-structure control

Here~O
mesoporous~B-structure control
CuO~O
nanostructures~O
were~O
obtained~O
by~O
a~O
two-step~O
synthetic~O
method~O
and~O
used~O
as~O
the~O
catalyst~O
for~O
CO2RR~O
with~O
the~O
presence~O
of~O
iodine~O
anions.~O

It~O
is~O
found~O
that~O
high~B-alloy
activity~I-alloy
and~I-alloy
notably~I-alloy
improved~I-alloy
CO~I-alloy
selectivity~I-alloy
of~I-alloy
Au-Cu~I-alloy
bimetallic~I-alloy
NPs~I-alloy
can~I-alloy
be~I-alloy
attributed~I-alloy
to~I-alloy
the~I-alloy
heterometallic~I-alloy
coordination~I-alloy
and~I-alloy
their~I-alloy
electronic~I-alloy
interactions.~I-alloy
The~O
reduction~O
products~O
were~O
analyzed~O
by~O
gas~O
chromatography~O
and~O
nuclear~O
magnetic~O
resonance~O
NMR~O
spectroscopy.~O

Due~O
to~O
the~O
nanowire~B-structure control
structure~I-structure control
of~O
the~O
catalyst~O
a~O
remarkable~O
ERCO2~O
selectivity~O
was~O
achieved~O
while~O
the~O
competing~O
H-2~O
evolution~O
reaction~O
HER~O
was~O
significantly~O
suppressed~O
for~O
the~O
overall~O
range~O
of~O
potential~O
tested.~O

In~O
this~O
study~O
a~O
series~O
of~O
Cu3PdxN~O
nanoparticles~O
are~O
developed~O
by~O
one-pot~O
organic~O
phase~O
synthesis~O
and~O
the~O
composition-dependent~B-structure control
performance~I-structure control
for~O
CO2~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
reaction~O
is~O
systematically~O
investigated.~O

This~B-alloy
perturbation~I-alloy
of~I-alloy
the~I-alloy
surface~I-alloy
electronic~I-alloy
structure~I-alloy
of~I-alloy
the~I-alloy
CuPd/C~I-alloy
nanoparticles~I-alloy
leads~I-alloy
to~I-alloy
the~I-alloy
lowering~I-alloy
of~I-alloy
the~I-alloy
bonding~I-alloy
strength~I-alloy
of~I-alloy
key~I-alloy
adsorbate~I-alloy
species~I-alloy
for~I-alloy
both~I-alloy
the~I-alloy
formate~I-alloy
oxidation~I-alloy
and~I-alloy
electrochemical~I-alloy
CO2~I-alloy
reduction~I-alloy
which~I-alloy
increased~I-alloy
the~I-alloy
catalytic~I-alloy
activity~I-alloy
toward~I-alloy
both~I-alloy
reactions.~I-alloy
Amongst~O
the~O
different~O
compositions~O
of~O
CuxPd1-x/C~O
the~O
20:80~O
molar%~O
of~O
Cu:Pd~O
concentration~O
shows~O
an~O
important~O
improvement~O
toward~O
formate~O
oxidation~O
FO~O
compared~O
to~O
the~O
other~O
CuxPd1-y~O
compositions~O
and~O
the~O
monometallic~O
Pd.~O

Dual~O
2D~O
CuSe/g-C3N4~B-composite
heterostructure~I-composite
for~O
boosting~O
electrocatalytic~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
CO2~O
Reduction~O
Reaction~O
CO2RR~O
is~O
an~O
effective~O
route~O
to~O
convert~O
CO2~O
to~O
value-added~O
products~O
in~O
energy~O
and~O
environment.~O

In~O
this~O
work~O
we~O
prepared~O
porous~B-structure control
copper~I-structure control
nanospheres~I-structure control
P-Cu~I-structure control
that~I-structure control
greatly~I-structure control
improved~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
C-C~I-structure control
coupling~I-structure control
process~I-structure control
by~I-structure control
enriching~I-structure control
*CO~I-structure control
intermediates~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
pore~I-structure control
structure.~I-structure control
The~O
specific~O
pore~O
features~O
of~O
P-Cu~O
were~O
characterized~O
in~O
detail~O
by~O
scanning~O
electron~O
microscopy~O
SEM~O
transmission~O
electron~O
microscopy~O
TEM~O
and~O
nitrogen~O
adsorption/desorption~O
tests.~O

Electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
using~O
oxide~B-composite
based~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
and~I-composite
Zn~I-composite
bimetallic~I-composite
catalyst~I-composite
Electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
ERCO2~O
driven~O
by~O
non-conventional~O
sources~O
of~O
energy~O
is~O
a~O
favorable~O
approach~O
to~O
generate~O
closed~O
loop~O
CO2~O
cycle.~O

CO2~O
electro-reduction~O
on~O
Cu3P:~O
Role~O
of~O
Cu~O
I~O
oxidation~O
state~O
and~O
surface~O
facet~O
structure~O
in~O
C-1-formate~O
production~O
and~O
H-2~O
selectivity~O
We~O
report~O
the~O
catalytic~O
activity~O
and~O
mechanism~O
of~O
copper~O
I~O
phosphide~O
Cu3P~B-structure control
with~I-structure control
predominant~I-structure control
[00I]~I-structure control
facet~I-structure control
exposure~I-structure control
for~O
the~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
CO2RR~O
to~O
formic~O
acid.~O

The~B-structure control
catalyst~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
nanowires~I-structure control
less~I-structure control
than~I-structure control
2.3~I-structure control
mu~I-structure control
m~I-structure control
converts~O
CO2~O
to~O
CO~O
with~O
a~O
high~O
CO/formate~O
ratio~O
of~O
2.~O

52~O
while~O
formate~O
is~O
the~O
dominant~O
product~O
on~O
longer~B-structure control
nanowires~I-structure control
>=~I-structure control
2.7~I-structure control
mu~I-structure control
m~I-structure control
with~O
a~O
low~O
CO/formate~O
ratio~O
of~O
0.~O

Porous~O
tin-based~B-structure control
film~I-structure control
deposited~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
copper~I-structure control
foil~I-structure control
for~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
to~O
formate~O
Electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
CO2~O
has~O
been~O
studied~O
using~O
a~O
Sn/Cu~O
electrode~O
as~O
the~O
cathode~O
in~O
aqueous~O
KHCO3~O
solution.~O

Additionally~O
the~B-composite
pyridinic-N~I-composite
in~I-composite
NRGO~I-composite
was~I-composite
supposed~I-composite
to~I-composite
behave~I-composite
synergistic~I-composite
effect~I-composite
with~I-composite
Cu2O~I-composite
leading~I-composite
to~I-composite
a~I-composite
clearly~I-composite
improvement~I-composite
of~I-composite
activity~I-composite
and~I-composite
durability~I-composite
of~I-composite
Cu2O~I-composite
for~I-composite
electrocatalytic~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
reduction~I-composite
to~I-composite
ethylene.~I-composite

Considering~O
that~O
copper~O
Cu~O
has~O
good~O
conductivity~O
and~O
feature~O
of~O
empty~O
half~O
4s~O
level~O
that~O
can~O
behave~O
as~O
an~O
electron~O
donor~O
or~O
acceptor~O
here~O
we~O
synthesized~O
Cu~B-structure control
nanowires~I-structure control
NWs~I-structure control
bridged~I-structure control
Bi~I-structure control
nanosheets~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
NWs-Bi~I-structure control
NSs~I-structure control
arrays~I-structure control
grown~O
on~O
carbon~O
cloth~O
through~O
facile~O
electrochemical~O
routes.~O

Besides~O
the~B-composite
Cu2O/ZnO~I-composite
electrodes~I-composite
are~I-composite
expected~I-composite
to~I-composite
catalyze~I-composite
the~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
electroreduction~I-composite
for~I-composite
over~I-composite
20~I-composite
h.~I-composite
These~O
results~O
may~O
provide~O
new~O
insights~O
into~O
the~O
application~O
of~O
gas~O
diffusion~O
electrodes~O
to~O
alleviate~O
mass~O
transfer~O
limitations~O
in~O
electrochemical~O
systems~O
for~O
the~O
transformation~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
alcohols.~O

This~O
investigation~O
intends~O
to~O
ascribe~O
the~O
enhanced~O
properties~O
to~O
the~O
surface~B-surface modification
downsized~I-surface modification
crystals~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
Cu~I-surface modification
electrode~I-surface modification
induced~O
by~O
the~O
multiple-redox~O
treatments.~O

The~B-structure control
strong~I-structure control
performance~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
CL-Cu~I-structure control
NEs~I-structure control
was~I-structure control
ascribed~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
synergism~I-structure control
between~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
coral-like~I-structure control
morphology~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
abundant~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
1~I-structure control
0~I-structure control
0~I-structure control
/Cu~I-structure control
1~I-structure control
1~I-structure control
1~I-structure control
interfaces.~I-structure control

Herein~O
inspired~O
by~O
the~O
reactant~O
species~O
concentration~O
profile~O
in~O
a~O
plug~O
flow~O
reactor~O
Cu/ZnO~O
tandem~O
electrodes~O
are~O
designed~O
by~O
spatially~O
adding~O
a~O
ZnO~B-surface modification
catalyst~I-surface modification
layer~I-surface modification
on~I-surface modification
top~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
Cu~I-surface modification
catalyst~I-surface modification
layer~I-surface modification
in~O
which~O
the~O
ZnO~O
catalyst~O
layer~O
fed~O
CO~O
concentration~O
progressively~O
decreases~O
over~O
the~O
Cu~O
catalyst~O
layer.~O

Electrochemical~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
improved~O
by~O
tuning~O
the~O
Cu-Cu~O
distance~O
in~O
halogen-bridged~O
dinuclear~O
cuprous~O
coordination~O
polymers~O
Cu~O
dinuclear~O
coordination~O
polymers~O
in~O
which~O
two~B-atomic level dispersion
Cu~I-atomic level dispersion
atoms~I-atomic level dispersion
are~I-atomic level dispersion
bridged~I-atomic level dispersion
by~I-atomic level dispersion
a~I-atomic level dispersion
halogen~I-atomic level dispersion
reduce~O
CO2~O
to~O
C-2~O
products.~O

The~B-composite
high~I-composite
selectivity~I-composite
toward~I-composite
CO~I-composite
by~I-composite
Cu/CA-CO2-N-2-700~I-composite
maybe~I-composite
attributed~I-composite
to~I-composite
their~I-composite
excellent~I-composite
stability~I-composite
in~I-composite
maintaining~I-composite
the~I-composite
metallic~I-composite
nature~I-composite
of~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
component~I-composite
within~I-composite
the~I-composite
hydrophobic~I-composite
carbon~I-composite
aerogels~I-composite
during~I-composite
electrocatalysis~I-composite
which~O
further~O
prevents~O
the~O
adsorption~O
and~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO~O
on~O
the~O
catalyst.~O

The~O
Cu~O
I~O
oxide~O
species~O
on~O
Cu@Cu2O~O
surface~O
remained~O
relatively~O
stable~O
against~O
reduction~O
under~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
condition~O
and~O
the~B-composite
synergism~I-composite
between~I-composite
surface~I-composite
Cu+~I-composite
and~I-composite
Cu-0~I-composite
in~I-composite
Cu@Cu2O~I-composite
contributed~I-composite
to~I-composite
boosting~I-composite
its~I-composite
efficiency~I-composite
and~I-composite
selectivity~I-composite
toward~I-composite
C-2~I-composite
products.~I-composite
This~O
Cu@Cu2O~O
catalyst~O
achieved~O
an~O
excellent~O
selectivity~O
similar~O
to~O
50%~O
at~O
-1.~O
