In~O
this~O
study~O
we~O
prepared~O
nanostructured~B-structure control
tungstate-derived~O
copper~O
to~O
test~O
its~O
application~O
in~O
CO2~O
reduction.~O

The~B-composite
enhanced~I-composite
ethylene~I-composite
production~I-composite
metrics~I-composite
obtained~I-composite
by~I-composite
virtue~I-composite
of~I-composite
the~I-composite
higher~I-composite
intrinsic~I-composite
activity~I-composite
of~I-composite
the~I-composite
Ni-N-C~I-composite
support~I-composite
point~I-composite
out~I-composite
toward~I-composite
a~I-composite
synergistic~I-composite
action~I-composite
between~I-composite
the~I-composite
two~I-composite
catalytic~I-composite
functionalities.~I-composite

Highly~O
Selective~O
Electrocatalytic~O
Reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
into~O
Methane~O
on~O
Cu-Bi~O
Nanoalloys~B-alloy
Methane~O
CH4~O
the~O
main~O
component~O
of~O
natural~O
gas~O
is~O
one~O
of~O
the~O
most~O
valuable~O
products~O
facilitating~O
energy~O
storage~O
via~O
electricity~O
conversion.~O

Sulfur~B-surface modification
S~I-surface modification
-modified~I-surface modification
Cu~I-surface modification
electrodes~I-surface modification
were~O
reported~O
to~O
selectively~O
reduce~O
CO2~O
into~O
formic~O
acid~O
and~O
fully~O
quench~O
the~O
original~O
CO2~O
production~O
on~O
clean~O
Cu~O
surfaces~O
yet~O
the~O
actual~O
mechanism~O
is~O
still~O
unsolved.~O

We~O
observe~O
that~O
the~O
overall~O
CO2R~O
performance~O
especially~O
the~O
C2H4~O
selectivity~O
correlates~O
well~O
with~O
the~O
initial~O
oxidation~O
level~O
of~O
the~O
Cu~O
111~O
foil~O
of~O
which~O
the~O
surface~O
oxide~O
layer~O
is~O
reduced~O
into~O
small~O
fragments~O
comprising~O
rich~B-surface modification
grain~I-surface modification
boundaries~I-surface modification
and~I-surface modification
diversely~I-surface modification
orientated~I-surface modification
facets.~I-surface modification

The~O
enhanced~O
activity~O
of~O
the~O
Cu~O
nanocrystals~O
toward~O
n-propanol~O
formation~O
was~O
correlated~O
to~O
their~O
surface~B-defect
population~I-defect
of~I-defect
defect~I-defect
sites.~I-defect

Here~O
we~O
report~O
the~O
selective~O
formation~O
of~O
formate~O
using~O
a~O
sulfide-derived~O
copper~O
SD-Cu~O
catalyst~O
for~O
CO2RR~O
On~O
the~O
basis~O
of~O
in~O
situ~O
and~O
postelectrolysis~O
spectroscopy~O
we~O
propose~O
that~O
this~O
selectivity~O
is~O
due~O
to~O
stronger~O
binding~O
of~O
the~O
CO~O
intermediate~O
originating~O
from~O
remaining~B-surface modification
subsurface~I-surface modification
sulfur~I-surface modification
atoms.~I-surface modification

On~O
sulfur~O
selenium~O
or~O
tellurium~O
modified~O
copper~O
chalcogen~B-surface modification
adatoms~I-surface modification
are~I-surface modification
present~I-surface modification
on~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
surface~I-surface modification
and~O
actively~O
participate~O
in~O
the~O
reaction~O
either~O
by~O
transferring~O
a~O
hydride~O
or~O
by~O
tethering~O
CO2~O
thus~O
suppressing~O
the~O
formation~O
of~O
CO.~O

Laser-Prepared~O
CuZn~O
Alloy~B-alloy
Catalyst~O
for~O
Selective~O
Electrochemical~O
Reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
Ethylene~O
Laser~O
ablation~O
in~O
liquid~O
was~O
used~O
to~O
prepare~O
homogeneous~O
copper-zinc~O
alloy~O
catalysts~O
that~O
exhibited~O
excellent~O
selectivity~O
for~O
C2H4~O
in~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
with~O
faradaic~O
efficiency~O
values~O
as~O
high~O
as~O
33.~O

Here~O
we~O
introduce~O
the~O
rational~O
design~O
of~O
the~O
monolayer~O
hexagonal~O
boron~O
nitride/copper~O
h-BN/Cu~O
interface~B-surface modification
to~O
circumvent~O
scaling~O
relations~O
and~O
improve~O
the~O
electrosynthesis~O
of~O
CH4.~O

This~O
work~O
demonstrates~O
an~O
effective~O
strategy~O
for~O
tailoring~B-atomic level dispersion
the~I-atomic level dispersion
electronic~I-atomic level dispersion
structure~I-atomic level dispersion
of~I-atomic level dispersion
Cu~I-atomic level dispersion
single~I-atomic level dispersion
atoms~I-atomic level dispersion
for~I-atomic level dispersion
the~I-atomic level dispersion
highly~I-atomic level dispersion
efficient~I-atomic level dispersion
reduction~I-atomic level dispersion
of~I-atomic level dispersion
CO2~I-atomic level dispersion
into~I-atomic level dispersion
CH4.~I-atomic level dispersion

Specific~O
roles~O
of~O
Cu~O
and~O
Au~O
for~O
CO2RR~O
are~O
revealed~O
in~O
the~O
alloyed~O
core-shell~B-structure control
structure~I-structure control
respectively~O
and~O
a~O
compositional-dependent~O
volcano-plot~O
is~O
disclosed~O
for~O
the~O
Cu@AuCu~O
catalysts~O
toward~O
selective~O
CO~O
production.~O

Herein~O
an~O
elaborate~O
Au-Cu~O
catalyst~O
where~O
an~O
alloyed~B-alloy
AuCu~O
shell~O
caps~O
on~O
a~O
Cu~O
core~O
Cu@AuCu~O
is~O
developed~O
and~O
evaluated~O
for~O
CO2-to-CO~O
electrochemical~O
conversion.~O

The~O
CuI-derived~B-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
nanofibers~I-structure control
composed~O
of~O
self-assembled~O
nanoparticles~O
are~O
reported~O
for~O
the~O
first~O
time~O
which~O
favor~O
the~O
formation~O
of~O
C2+3~O
products~O
at~O
a~O
low~O
overpotential~O
with~O
a~O
particular~O
selectivity~O
toward~O
ethane.~O

These~O
results~O
suggest~O
that~O
product~B-structure control
selectivity~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
NWs~I-structure control
is~I-structure control
highly~I-structure control
dependent~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
morphological~I-structure control
features~I-structure control
and~O
that~O
hydrocarbon~O
selectivity~O
can~O
be~O
manipulated~O
by~O
structural~O
evolution~O
or~O
the~O
prevention~O
thereof.~O

Here~O
we~O
report~O
a~O
new~O
perovskite-type~O
copper~O
I~O
nitride~O
Cu3N~O
nanocube~B-structure control
NC~O
catalyst~O
for~O
selective~O
CO2RR.~O

Cu~B-structure control
nanocubes~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
similar~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
70~I-structure control
nm~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
edge~I-structure control
length~I-structure control
are~I-structure control
synthesized~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
{100}~I-structure control
facets~I-structure control
preferentially~I-structure control
exposed~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
surface.~I-structure control

In~O
situ~O
electrochemical~O
surface~O
interrogation~O
along~O
with~O
vibrational~O
spectroscopy~O
revealed~O
that~O
Hg~B-alloy
incorporation~I-alloy
led~I-alloy
to~I-alloy
significantly~I-alloy
suppressed~I-alloy
surface~I-alloy
adsorption~I-alloy
of~I-alloy
hydrogen~I-alloy
atoms~I-alloy
as~I-alloy
well~I-alloy
as~I-alloy
increased~I-alloy
surface~I-alloy
concentration~I-alloy
of~I-alloy
the~I-alloy
intermediate~I-alloy
CO~I-alloy
which~O
is~O
in~O
competitive~O
binding~O
with~O
protons.~O

Here~O
we~O
studied~O
the~O
relationship~O
between~O
the~O
catalytic~O
activity~O
of~O
bimetallic~O
Cu-Sn~O
catalysts~O
with~O
their~B-structure control
composition~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
geometry~I-structure control
through~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
fabrication~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
three-dimensional~I-structure control
hierarchical~I-structure control
3D-h~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
nanostructure~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
solution-based~I-structure control
coating~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Sn~I-structure control
nanoparticles~I-structure control
NPs~I-structure control
.~O

Tunable~O
Syngas~O
Formation~O
from~O
Electrochemical~O
CO2~O
Reduction~O
on~O
Copper~O
Nanowire~B-structure control
Arrays~I-structure control
Producing~O
syngas~O
from~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
by~O
renewable~O
energy~O
offers~O
an~O
opportunity~O
to~O
reduce~O
CO2~O
emissions~O
and~O
provide~O
chemicals~O
and~O
fuels.~O

To~O
this~O
end~O
we~B-structure control
have~I-structure control
established~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
solution-synthesis~I-structure control
route~I-structure control
utilizing~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
molecular~I-structure control
precursor~I-structure control
containing~I-structure control
M-P~I-structure control
bonds~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
generate~I-structure control
solid~I-structure control
metal~I-structure control
phosphide~I-structure control
NPs~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
controlled~I-structure control
stoichiometry~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
morphology.~I-structure control

Here~O
we~O
provided~O
experimental~O
evidence~O
for~O
the~O
local~O
corrosion~O
phenomenon~O
of~O
bimetallic~O
Cu-Sn~O
catalysts~O
through~O
the~B-structure control
patterning~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
Sn~I-structure control
layer~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
foil~I-structure control
Cu/p-Sn~O
.~O

In~O
our~O
work~O
a~O
simple~O
and~O
low-temperature~O
chemical~O
bath~O
deposition~O
method~O
was~O
used~O
to~O
fabricate~O
CuS~B-structure control
nanosheet~I-structure control
arrays~I-structure control
on~O
brass~O
on~O
which~O
a~O
Faradaic~O
efficiency~O
over~O
70%~O
and~O
a~O
production~O
rate~O
over~O
50~O
mA.~O

The~B-structure control
laser~I-structure control
treatment~I-structure control
allows~I-structure control
us~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
tune~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
morphology~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
chemical~I-structure control
composition~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
copper~I-structure control
electrocatalysts.~I-structure control
This~O
tunability~O
is~O
used~O
to~O
correlate~O
the~O
role~O
of~O
the~O
surface~O
area~O
and~O
catalyst~O
dopants~O
with~O
the~O
selectivity~O
of~O
the~O
CO2RR.~O

Tailoring~O
the~O
Selectivity~O
of~O
Bimetallic~O
Copper-Palladium~O
Nanoalloys~B-alloy
for~O
Electrocatalytic~O
Reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
CO~O
Controlling~O
the~O
morphology~O
and~O
composition~O
of~O
bimetallic~O
nanoalloys~O
is~O
an~O
effective~O
way~O
to~O
tailor~O
their~O
catalytic~O
activity/selectivity~O
for~O
a~O
given~O
chemical~O
reaction.~O

Three-Dimensional~O
Hierarchical~B-structure control
Copper-Based~I-structure control
Nanostructures~I-structure control
as~O
Advanced~O
Electrocatalysts~O
for~O
CO2~O
Reduction~O
Cu-based~O
nanomaterials~O
have~O
received~O
increasing~O
interest~O
for~O
electrocatalytic~O
applications~O
in~O
the~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
reaction.~O

Herein~O
we~O
demonstrate~O
that~O
the~B-structure control
selectivity~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
an~I-structure control
electrochemically~I-structure control
reduced~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
OH~I-structure control
2~I-structure control
nanowire~I-structure control
catalyst~I-structure control
toward~I-structure control
C-2-C-3~I-structure control
compounds~I-structure control
ethylene~I-structure control
ethanol~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
n-propanol~I-structure control
is~I-structure control
systemically~I-structure control
modified~I-structure control
by~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
morphology~I-structure control
which~O
is~O
governed~O
by~O
the~O
electrolysis~O
potential.~O

8Se~O
Nanowires~B-structure control
Electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
into~O
higher-value~O
C2~O
products~O
e.~O

An~O
electrode~O
design~O
with~O
dendritic~B-structure control
morphological~I-structure control
features~I-structure control
yields~O
the~O
highest~O
CO~O
partial~O
current~O
density~O
of~O
11.~O

Our~B-composite
work~I-composite
highlights~I-composite
the~I-composite
significant~I-composite
role~I-composite
of~I-composite
the~I-composite
substrate~I-composite
in~I-composite
the~I-composite
selectivity~I-composite
of~I-composite
the~I-composite
deposited~I-composite
catalyst~I-composite
and~O
provides~O
a~O
new~O
avenue~O
to~O
advance~O
selective~O
electrodes~O
for~O
CO2~O
electrochemical~O
reduction.~O

As~O
a~O
result~O
the~O
average~B-structure control
size~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
density~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
CuSx~I-structure control
nanoparticles~I-structure control
NPs~I-structure control
increased~O
to~O
133.~O

The~B-composite
enhancement~I-composite
of~I-composite
formate~I-composite
production~I-composite
selectivity~I-composite
and~I-composite
the~I-composite
suppression~I-composite
of~I-composite
the~I-composite
hydrogen~I-composite
by-product~I-composite
were~I-composite
attributed~I-composite
to~I-composite
the~I-composite
optimized~I-composite
ratio~I-composite
of~I-composite
SnOx~I-composite
species~I-composite
on~I-composite
the~I-composite
electrode~I-composite
surface.~I-composite
The~O
best~O
performance~O
was~O
seen~O
in~O
the~O
HFGDE~O
with~O
the~O
highest~O
Sn2+/Sn4+~O
120~O
s~O
deposition~O
likely~O
due~O
to~O
the~O
modulating~O
effect~O
of~O
the~O
Cu~O
substrate~O
via~O
electron~O
donation~O
with~O
Sn~O
species.~O

Herein~O
we~O
for~O
the~O
first~O
time~O
achieve~O
a~O
high~O
efficiency~O
for~O
electrochemical~O
conversion~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
C2H4~O
on~O
a~O
tin-modified~B-surface modification
CuO.~I-surface modification

Synthesis~O
of~O
Cu2O~O
Nanostructures~B-structure control
with~O
Tunable~O
Crystal~O
Facets~O
for~O
Electrochemical~O
CO2~O
Reduction~O
to~O
Alcohols~O
Electrochemical~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
enables~O
the~O
conversion~O
of~O
intermittent~O
renewable~O
energy~O
to~O
value-added~O
chemicals~O
and~O
fuel~O
presenting~O
a~O
promising~O
strategy~O
to~O
relieve~O
CO2~O
emission~O
and~O
achieve~O
clean~O
energy~O
storage.~O

This~O
novel~B-structure control
high-surface-area~I-structure control
material~I-structure control
was~O
produced~O
by~O
means~O
of~O
an~O
electrodeposition~O
process~O
utilizing~O
the~O
dynamic~O
hydrogen~O
bubble~O
template~O
approach.~O

By~O
a~O
simple~O
electrochemical~O
transfer~O
method~O
waste~O
bronzes~O
with~O
composition~O
Cu14Sn~O
were~O
anodically~O
dissolved~O
and~O
cathodically~O
redeposited~O
under~O
dynamic~O
hydrogen~O
bubble~O
template~O
conditions~O
to~O
yield~O
mesoporous~B-structure control
foams~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
Cu10Sn~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
composition.~I-structure control

Tandem~O
Electrocatalytic~O
CO2~O
Reduction~O
with~O
Efficient~O
Intermediate~O
Conversion~O
over~O
Pyramid-Textured~B-structure control
Cu-Ag~O
Catalysts~O
If~O
combined~O
with~O
renewably~O
generated~O
electricity~O
electrochemical~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
E-CO2R~O
could~O
be~O
used~O
as~O
a~O
sustainable~O
source~O
of~O
chemicals~O
and~O
fuels.~O

In~O
particular~O
we~O
demonstrate~O
that~O
the~O
introduction~O
of~O
a~O
Au-Cu~O
bifunctional~B-structure control
"interface"~I-structure control
is~O
more~O
beneficial~O
than~O
a~O
simple~O
and~O
conventional~O
homogeneous~O
alloying~O
of~O
Au~O
and~O
Cu~O
in~O
stabilizing~O
the~O
key~O
intermediate~O
species~O
*COOH.~O

Improvement~O
of~O
Catalytic~O
Activity~O
by~O
Nanofibrous~B-structure control
CuInS2~O
for~O
Electrochemical~O
CO2~O
Reduction~O
The~O
current~O
study~O
reports~O
the~O
application~O
of~O
chalcopyrite~O
semiconductor~O
CuInS2~O
CIS~O
nanofibers~O
for~O
the~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
CO~O
with~O
a~O
remarkable~O
Faradaic~O
efficiency~O
of~O
77~O
+/-~O
4%.~O

The~B-composite
improvements~I-composite
in~I-composite
activity~I-composite
and~I-composite
selectivity~I-composite
of~I-composite
the~I-composite
oxide-derived~I-composite
Cu/carbon~I-composite
might~I-composite
be~I-composite
attributed~I-composite
to~I-composite
the~I-composite
synergistic~I-composite
effect~I-composite
between~I-composite
the~I-composite
highly~I-composite
dispersed~I-composite
copper~I-composite
and~I-composite
the~I-composite
matrix~I-composite
of~I-composite
porous~I-composite
carbon.~I-composite
These~O
findings~O
provide~O
a~O
new~O
insight~O
into~O
design~O
of~O
practical~O
catalysts~O
for~O
decreasing~O
atmospheric~O
CO2~O
levels~O
and~O
synthesizing~O
liquid~O
fuels.~O

Selective~O
Electrochemical~O
Reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
Ethylene~O
on~O
Nanopores-Modified~O
Copper~O
Electrodes~O
in~O
Aqueous~O
Solution~O
Electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
was~O
carried~O
out~O
on~O
copper~B-structure control
foil~I-structure control
electrodes~I-structure control
modified~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
nanopores~I-structure control
on~O
the~O
surface.~O

To~O
relieve~O
this~O
problem~O
Cu-3~B-composite
BTC~I-composite
2~I-composite
Cu-MOF~I-composite
as~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
capture~I-composite
agent~I-composite
was~I-composite
introduced~I-composite
into~I-composite
a~I-composite
carbon~I-composite
paper~I-composite
based~I-composite
gas~I-composite
diffusion~I-composite
electrode~I-composite
GDE~I-composite
in~O
this~O
study.~O

A~O
combination~O
of~O
electrochemical~O
and~O
materials~O
characterization~O
techniques~O
revealed~O
that~O
the~B-structure control
high~I-structure control
selectivity~I-structure control
toward~I-structure control
formate~I-structure control
production~I-structure control
can~I-structure control
be~I-structure control
attributed~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
effect~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
S~I-structure control
dopants~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
catalyst~I-structure control
rather~O
than~O
surface~O
morphology.~O

The~O
concentration~O
of~O
Cu~O
as~O
foaming~O
agent~O
was~O
systematically~O
studied~O
and~O
an~O
optimized~O
Zn94Cu6~O
foam~O
alloy~B-alloy
was~O
developed~O
which~O
to~O
the~O
best~O
of~O
our~O
knowledge~O
is~O
the~O
most~O
selective~O
Zn-based~O
CO2~O
electrocatalyst~O
toward~O
CO~O
in~O
aqueous~O
bicarbonate~O
solution~O
FECO~O
=~O
90%~O
at~O
-0.~O

In~O
this~O
study~O
we~O
report~O
on~O
a~O
tailor-made~B-structure control
multifunction-coupled~I-structure control
Cu-metal-organic~I-structure control
framework~I-structure control
Cu-MOF~I-structure control
electrocatalyst~I-structure control
by~O
time-resolved~O
controllable~O
restructuration~O
from~O
Cu2O~O
to~O
Cu2O@Cu-MOF.~O

Boosting~O
Tunable~O
Syngas~O
Formation~O
via~O
Electrochemical~O
CO2~O
Reduction~O
on~O
Cu/In2O3~O
Core/Shell~B-structure control
Nanoparticles~I-structure control
In~O
this~O
work~O
monodisperse~O
core/shell~O
Cu/In2O3~O
nanoparticles~O
NPs~O
were~O
developed~O
to~O
boost~O
efficient~O
and~O
tunable~O
syngas~O
formation~O
via~O
electrochemical~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
for~O
the~O
first~O
time.~O

As~O
a~O
result~O
an~B-composite
improved~I-composite
selectivity~I-composite
for~I-composite
CO~I-composite
is~I-composite
obtained~I-composite
for~I-composite
AgCu~I-composite
foam~I-composite
catalysts~I-composite
at~I-composite
lower~I-composite
overpotentials~I-composite
compared~I-composite
to~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
foam~I-composite
catalyst~I-composite
evidencing~I-composite
a~I-composite
synergistic~I-composite
effect~I-composite
between~I-composite
the~I-composite
bimetallic~I-composite
components.~I-composite

Here~O
we~O
report~O
the~O
efficient~O
production~O
of~O
ethylene~O
by~O
constructing~O
Ag-Cu~O
bimetallic~O
catalyst~O
with~O
sharp~B-structure control
interface;~I-structure control
the~O
Faradaic~O
efficiency~O
for~O
ethylene~O
formation~O
is~O
enhanced~O
to~O
42%~O
more~O
than~O
2~O
times~O
that~O
of~O
pure~O
Cu~O
catalyst.~O

The~O
catalytic~O
selectivity~O
and~O
activity~O
of~O
Au-Cu~O
alloys~B-alloy
was~O
found~O
to~O
be~O
correlated~O
with~O
the~O
variation~O
of~O
electronic~O
structure~O
that~O
was~O
varied~O
with~O
tunable~O
composition.~O

The~O
mechanistic~O
discussion~O
suggests~O
that~O
the~B-composite
composition-dependent~I-composite
synergistic~I-composite
effect~I-composite
results~I-composite
in~I-composite
the~I-composite
enhanced~I-composite
selectivity~I-composite
for~I-composite
CO~I-composite
on~I-composite
the~I-composite
hybrid~I-composite
catalyst.~I-composite

The~O
present~O
study~O
provides~O
a~O
simple~O
approach~O
for~O
constructing~B-composite
novel~I-composite
catalytic~I-composite
interfaces~I-composite
with~I-composite
dual~I-composite
active~I-composite
centers~I-composite
for~I-composite
eCO~I-composite
2~I-composite
R~I-composite
and~O
other~O
emerging~O
electrochemical~O
catalysis~O
research.~O

The~O
enhancement~O
in~O
activity~O
and~O
selectivity~O
was~O
attributed~O
to~O
i~O
a~B-structure control
higher~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
content~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
well-dispersed~I-structure control
Cu2O/Cu~I-structure control
nanoparticles~I-structure control
inside~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
carbon~I-structure control
frameworks~I-structure control
which~O
provided~O
abundant~O
active~O
reaction~O
sites~O
and~O
ii~O
a~O
higher~O
content~O
of~O
N~O
doped~O
into~O
the~O
Cu2O/Cu~O
lattice~O
to~O
possibly~O
facilitate~O
*OCHO~O
generation.~O

Here~O
we~O
report~O
that~O
a~B-structure control
nanodendrite~I-structure control
configuration~I-structure control
can~O
improve~O
the~O
electrocatalytic~O
performance~O
of~O
Cu~O
catalysts~O
especially~O
multicarbon~O
product~O
formation~O
while~O
suppressing~O
HER~O
and~O
methane~O
production.~O

Our~O
X-ray~O
photoelectron~O
spectroscopy~O
XPS~O
and~O
density-functional~O
theory~O
DFT~O
investigations~O
show~O
that~O
the~B-composite
strong~I-composite
interaction~I-composite
between~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
and~I-composite
pyridinic~I-composite
nitrogen~I-composite
on~I-composite
the~I-composite
2D~I-composite
graphene~I-composite
surface~I-composite
plays~I-composite
a~I-composite
key~I-composite
role~I-composite
in~I-composite
stabilizing~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
nanocubes.~I-composite

Physical~O
and~O
theoretical~O
characterizations~O
revealed~O
that~O
Sn~B-surface modification
atoms~I-surface modification
preferentially~I-surface modification
locate~I-surface modification
at~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
low-coordinated~I-surface modification
sites~I-surface modification
when~O
Sn~O
is~O
present~O
at~O
low~O
contents~O
less~O
than~O
1.~O

Herein~O
we~O
develop~O
a~O
Cu/Cu2O~B-composite
nanocomposite~I-composite
loaded~I-composite
on~I-composite
the~I-composite
surface~I-composite
of~I-composite
carbon~I-composite
derived~O
from~O
direct~O
carbonization~O
of~O
two-dimensional~O
cross-like~O
zeolitic~O
imidazolate~O
framework-L~O
coated~O
vertically~O
on~O
graphene~O
oxide~O
Cu~O
GNC-VL~O
.~O

Cu~B-structure control
cubes~I-structure control
reach~O
an~O
ethylene~O
selectivity~O
of~O
up~O
to~O
57%~O
with~O
a~O
corresponding~O
mass~O
activity~O
of~O
700~O
mA/mg~O
and~O
Cu~O
octahedra~O
reach~O
a~O
methane~O
selectivity~O
of~O
up~O
to~O
51%~O
with~O
a~O
corresponding~O
mass~O
activity~O
of~O
1.~O

Cu~O
cubes~O
reach~O
an~O
ethylene~O
selectivity~O
of~O
up~O
to~O
57%~O
with~O
a~O
corresponding~O
mass~O
activity~O
of~O
700~O
mA/mg~O
and~O
Cu~B-structure control
octahedra~I-structure control
reach~O
a~O
methane~O
selectivity~O
of~O
up~O
to~O
51%~O
with~O
a~O
corresponding~O
mass~O
activity~O
of~O
1.~O

Herein~O
we~O
have~O
developed~O
copper-based~O
catalysts~O
confined~O
within~O
a~O
rationally~O
designed~O
covalent~O
triazine~O
framework~O
CTF-B~O
featuring~O
a~O
CuN2Cl2~B-atomic level dispersion
structure~I-atomic level dispersion
for~O
selective~O
CO2RR~O
to~O
hydrocarbons~O
with~O
a~O
maximum~O
Faradaic~O
efficiency~O
FE~O
of~O
81.~O

The~O
features~O
of~O
the~O
Cu-SCP~O
catalyst~O
are~O
the~O
arrangement~O
of~O
Cu~B-atomic level dispersion
atoms~I-atomic level dispersion
in~O
close~O
proximity~O
similar~O
to~O
that~O
in~O
metallic~O
Cu~O
and~O
a~O
stable~O
Cu~O
I~O
oxidation~O
state~O
throughout~O
the~O
reaction~O
due~O
to~O
the~O
coordination~O
of~O
ligands~O
with~O
Cu~O
atoms~O
which~O
inhibits~O
conversion~O
into~O
Cu~O
metal~O
particles.~O

The~O
results~O
demonstrate~O
that~O
the~B-structure control
structural~I-structure control
evolution~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
La2CuO4~I-structure control
perovskite~I-structure control
takes~I-structure control
place~I-structure control
simultaneously~I-structure control
during~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
cathodic~I-structure control
CO2~I-structure control
reduction~I-structure control
process.~I-structure control

Activating~O
Copper~O
for~O
Electrocatalytic~O
CO2~O
Reduction~O
to~O
Formate~O
via~O
Molecular~B-surface modification
Interactions~I-surface modification
Cu~O
is~O
a~O
well-known~O
electrocatalyst~O
for~O
reducing~O
CO2~O
to~O
various~O
products.~O

This~O
work~O
is~O
an~O
investigation~O
of~O
the~O
role~O
of~O
the~O
heteroatom~O
in~O
electrocatalytic~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
with~O
a~B-surface modification
Cu~I-surface modification
electrode~I-surface modification
modified~I-surface modification
with~I-surface modification
methanethiol~I-surface modification
monolayers~I-surface modification
MT-Cu~O
which~O
is~O
able~O
to~O
distinguish~O
the~O
presence~O
of~O
heteroatom~O
contamination~O
originating~O
from~O
electrolyte~O
or~O
air.~O

Hydrophobic~O
Copper~B-surface modification
Interfaces~I-surface modification
Boost~O
Electroreduction~O
of~O
Carbon~O
Dioxide~O
to~O
Ethylene~O
in~O
Water~O
Cu~O
is~O
in~O
the~O
spotlight~O
as~O
it~O
represents~O
the~O
only~O
metal~O
capable~O
of~O
catalyzing~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
to~O
multicarbon~O
products.~O

This~O
work~O
provides~O
direct~O
experimental~O
evidence~O
on~O
model~O
thin~O
film~O
CO2~O
catalysts~O
that~O
strain~B-structure control
can~I-structure control
be~I-structure control
systematically~I-structure control
manipulated~I-structure control
as~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
valuable~I-structure control
tool~I-structure control
independent~O
of~O
catalyst~O
composition~O
for~O
the~O
design~O
of~O
efficient~O
CO2~O
electrocatalysts~O
toward~O
energy-dense~O
products.~O

Elucidating~O
the~O
Facet-Dependent~B-structure control
Selectivity~I-structure control
for~O
CO2~O
Electroreduction~O
to~O
Ethanol~O
of~O
Cu-Ag~O
Tandem~O
Catalysts~O
Despite~O
being~O
desirable~O
high-value~O
products~O
of~O
the~O
electro-chemical~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
reaction~O
CO2RR~O
alcohols~O
are~O
still~O
obtained~O
with~O
lower~O
selectivity~O
compared~O
to~O
hydrocarbons~O
and~O
the~O
reaction~O
pathways~O
leading~O
to~O
their~O
formation~O
are~O
still~O
under~O
debate.~O

In~O
this~O
work~O
we~O
develop~O
a~O
facile~O
galvanic~O
displacement~O
protocol~O
involving~O
an~O
electropolished~O
Cu~O
sheet~O
in~O
a~O
mixed~O
Sb~O
III~O
-Cl-~O
precursor~O
solution~O
to~O
form~O
an~B-surface modification
Sb-modified~I-surface modification
Cu~I-surface modification
electrode~I-surface modification
that~I-surface modification
can~I-surface modification
selectively~I-surface modification
convert~I-surface modification
CO2~I-surface modification
to~I-surface modification
CO~I-surface modification
with~O
a~O
Faradaic~O
efficiency~O
of~O
ca.~O

The~O
catalyst~O
Cu1Sn1~B-structure control
with~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
CuSn~I-structure control
alloy~I-structure control
core~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
SnO~I-structure control
shell~I-structure control
structure~I-structure control
doped~O
with~O
a~O
small~O
amount~O
of~O
Cu~O
gives~O
a~O
maximum~O
faradic~O
efficiency~O
FE~O
of~O
95.~O

In~O
contrast~O
the~O
single-Sn-atom-doped~B-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Cu20Sn1~I-structure control
is~O
selective~O
to~O
CO~O
with~O
a~O
maximum~O
FE~O
of~O
95.~O

In~O
situ~O
X-ray~O
absorption~O
and~O
infrared~O
spectroscopy~O
spectra~O
as~O
well~O
as~O
density~O
functional~O
theory~O
calculations~O
revealed~O
that~O
the~O
in~B-atomic level dispersion
situ~I-atomic level dispersion
generated~I-atomic level dispersion
trigonal~I-atomic level dispersion
pyramidal~I-atomic level dispersion
Cu~I-atomic level dispersion
I~I-atomic level dispersion
N-3~I-atomic level dispersion
acts~I-atomic level dispersion
as~I-atomic level dispersion
the~I-atomic level dispersion
electrochemical~I-atomic level dispersion
active~I-atomic level dispersion
site~I-atomic level dispersion
and~O
that~O
the~O
strong~O
coordination~O
ability~O
of~O
the~O
Cu~O
I~O
N-3~O
site~O
and~O
the~O
synergistic~O
effect~O
of~O
adjacent~O
aromatic~O
hydrogen~O
atoms~O
via~O
hydrogen-bonding~O
interactions~O
play~O
an~O
important~O
role~O
in~O
stabilizing~O
the~O
key~O
intermediates~O
of~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
reduction~O
and~O
inhibiting~O
the~O
hydrogen~O
evolution~O
reaction~O
thus~O
showing~O
a~O
high~O
performance~O
of~O
electroreduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
CH4.~O

Even~O
though~O
Br-~O
and~O
I-~O
can~O
induce~O
morphology~O
changes~O
of~O
the~O
surface~O
the~B-surface modification
modification~I-surface modification
in~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
catalytic~I-surface modification
performance~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
Cu~I-surface modification
is~I-surface modification
mainly~I-surface modification
attributed~I-surface modification
to~I-surface modification
halides~I-surface modification
adsorption~I-surface modification
on~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
Cu~I-surface modification
surface.~I-surface modification

A~O
systematic~O
CO2~O
electrolysis~O
study~O
reveals~O
a~O
strong~O
dependence~O
of~O
the~O
C2~O
efficiencies~O
on~O
the~B-structure control
particular~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
pore~I-structure control
size~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
mesoporous~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
catalysts~I-structure control
with~O
a~O
maximal~O
FEC2~O
between~O
50~O
and~O
100~O
mu~O
m~O
pore~O
diameters.~O

X-ray~O
diffraction~O
XRD~O
suggests~O
the~B-alloy
formation~I-alloy
of~I-alloy
Cu~I-alloy
Sn~I-alloy
alloy.~I-alloy

In~O
this~O
work~O
we~O
prepared~O
Cu-In~O
nanoalloys~O
by~O
the~O
in~O
situ~O
reduction~O
of~O
CuInO2~O
and~O
In2O3-supported~O
Cu~O
nanoparticles~O
and~O
found~O
that~O
the~B-structure control
structure~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
these~I-structure control
nanoalloys~I-structure control
evolves~O
substantially~O
over~O
several~O
electrocatalytic~O
cycles~O
in~O
parallel~O
with~O
an~O
increase~O
in~O
the~O
activity~O
and~O
selectivity~O
for~O
CO~O
evolution.~O

A~B-composite
two-site~I-composite
mechanism~I-composite
to~I-composite
rationalize~I-composite
the~I-composite
selective~I-composite
reduction~I-composite
of~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
to~I-composite
ethanol~I-composite
is~O
proposed~O
and~O
discussed.~O

By~O
changes~O
in~O
the~O
pH~O
and~O
deposition~O
current~O
density~O
the~B-structure control
morphologies~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
films~I-structure control
are~I-structure control
varied~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
exhibit~I-structure control
wire~I-structure control
dot~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
amorphous~I-structure control
structures.~I-structure control

The~B-structure control
enhanced~I-structure control
activity~I-structure control
is~I-structure control
attributed~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
extended~I-structure control
reactive~I-structure control
areas~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
rough~I-structure control
morphology~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
loosened~I-structure control
coating~I-structure control
structure~I-structure control
to~O
ensure~O
CO2~O
access~O
the~O
reaction~O
sites~O
located~O
at~O
the~O
sublayers~O
of~O
the~O
deposited~O
Cu~O
coatings.~O

In~O
this~O
study~O
we~O
electrodeposit~O
dendritic~O
copper~O
indium~O
alloys~B-alloy
of~O
various~O
compositions~O
and~O
investigate~O
their~O
catalytic~O
activity~O
toward~O
the~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2.~O

Electrochemical~O
CO2~O
Conversion~O
Using~O
Skeleton~O
Sponge~O
Type~O
of~O
Cu~O
Catalysts~O
Highly~O
porous~B-structure control
3D~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
skeletons~I-structure control
sponges~O
modified~O
by~O
electropolishing~O
thermal~O
annealing~O
and~O
foam~O
electrodeposition~O
have~O
been~O
studied~O
as~O
catalysts~O
for~O
the~O
electrochemical~O
conversion~O
of~O
CO2~O
with~O
a~O
particular~O
emphasis~O
on~O
C-2~O
products~O
formation.~O

Remarkably~O
non-crystalline~O
CuPc~O
generated~O
by~O
treatment~O
of~O
crystalline~O
CuPc~O
with~O
sulfuric~O
acid~O
did~O
not~O
give~O
C2H4~O
selectively~O
suggesting~O
that~O
catalyst~B-structure control
crystallinity~I-structure control
is~I-structure control
crucial~I-structure control
for~O
the~O
selective~O
conversion~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
C2H4.~O

Importance~O
of~O
Ag-Cu~O
Biphasic~B-structure control
Boundaries~I-structure control
for~O
Selective~O
Electrochemical~O
Reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
Ethanol~O
In~O
recent~O
years~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
CO2~O
has~O
received~O
a~O
great~O
deal~O
of~O
attention~O
due~O
to~O
the~O
potential~O
that~O
this~O
process~O
can~O
mitigate~O
the~O
atmospheric~O
CO2~O
concentration~O
and~O
produce~O
valuable~O
organic~O
compounds.~O

The~O
initial~O
electrodeposition~O
of~O
dendritic~B-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
activates~O
the~O
technical~O
supports~O
for~O
highly~O
efficient~O
formate~O
production~O
at~O
low~O
overpotentials~O
FEFonnate~O
=~O
49.~O

Mechanistic~O
Insights~O
for~O
Low-Overpotential~O
Electroreduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
CO~O
on~O
Copper~O
Nanowires~B-structure control
Recent~O
developments~O
of~O
copper~O
Cu~O
-based~O
nano~O
materials~O
have~O
enabled~O
the~O
electroreduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
at~O
low~O
overpotentials.~O

Initially~O
sulfur-modified~B-structure control
copper~I-structure control
catalysts~I-structure control
Cu-S~I-structure control
were~I-structure control
prepared~I-structure control
by~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
situ~I-structure control
reductive~I-structure control
reconstruction~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
nano~I-structure control
Cu-S~I-structure control
precursors~I-structure control
revealing~O
a~O
positive~O
correlation~O
between~O
particle~O
size~O
and~O
selectivity~O
toward~O
formate.~O

Poly-Amide~O
Modified~B-surface modification
Copper~O
Foam~O
Electrodes~O
for~O
Enhanced~O
Electrochemical~O
Reduction~O
of~O
Carbon~O
Dioxide~O
A~O
strategy~O
to~O
modulate~O
the~O
electrocatalytic~O
activity~O
of~O
copper~O
toward~O
CO~O
reduction~O
involving~O
adsorption~O
of~O
acrylamide~O
acrylic~O
acid~O
and~O
allylamine~O
polymers~O
is~O
presented.~O

The~O
characterization~O
results~O
combined~O
with~O
density~O
functional~O
theory~O
DFT~O
calculations~O
reveal~O
that~O
the~B-composite
interface~I-composite
of~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
and~I-composite
In~I-composite
plays~I-composite
an~I-composite
essential~I-composite
role~I-composite
in~I-composite
determining~I-composite
the~I-composite
reaction~I-composite
pathway.~I-composite

0~O
V~O
vs~O
RHE~O
over~O
O-2-plasma-activated~B-surface modification
Cu~I-surface modification
catalysts~I-surface modification
via~O
electrolyte~O
design.~O

Suppression~O
of~O
Competing~O
Reaction~O
Channels~O
by~O
Pb~B-surface modification
Adatom~I-surface modification
Decoration~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
Catalytically~I-surface modification
Active~I-surface modification
Cu~I-surface modification
Surfaces~I-surface modification
During~O
CO2~O
Electroreduction~O
The~O
direct~O
electrochemical~O
conversion~O
of~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
to~O
chemicals~O
and~O
fuels~O
is~O
of~O
fundamental~O
scientific~O
and~O
technological~O
interest.~O

Synthesis~O
of~O
Cu/CeO2-x~O
Nanocrystalline~O
Heterodimers~B-structure control
with~O
Interfacial~O
Active~O
Sites~O
To~O
Promote~O
CO2~O
Electroreduction~O
Synergistic~O
effects~O
at~O
metal/metal~O
oxide~O
interfaces~O
often~O
give~O
rise~O
to~O
highly~O
active~O
and~O
selective~O
catalytic~O
motifs.~O

Plasma-Modified~O
Dendritic~B-structure control
Cu~O
Catalyst~O
for~O
CO2~O
Electroreduction~O
Efficient~O
and~O
active~O
catalysts~O
with~O
high~O
selectivity~O
for~O
hydrocarbons~O
and~O
other~O
valuable~O
chemicals~O
during~O
stable~O
operation~O
are~O
crucial.~O

Morphology~O
Manipulation~O
of~O
Copper~O
Nanocrystals~O
and~O
Product~O
Selectivity~O
in~O
the~O
Electrocatalytic~O
Reduction~O
of~O
Carbon~O
Dioxide~O
We~O
have~O
revealed~O
that~O
cubelike~O
and~O
hexarhombic~B-structure control
docadehedron-like~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
single~O
crystals~O
showed~O
an~O
enhancement~O
of~O
C2~O
products~O
ethylene~O
and~O
ethanol~O
while~O
octahedron-like~O
Cu~O
nanoscale~O
single~O
crystals~O
promoted~O
C1~O
products~O
of~O
CO2~O
reduction.~O

Selectivity~O
Control~O
for~O
Electrochemical~O
CO2~O
Reduction~O
by~O
Charge~O
Redistribution~O
on~O
the~O
Surface~O
of~O
Copper~O
Alloys~B-alloy
Copper~O
is~O
a~O
significant~O
platform~O
for~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
catalysts~O
because~O
it~O
is~O
the~O
only~O
known~O
metal~O
to~O
produce~O
multi-carbon~O
products~O
but~O
suffers~O
from~O
poor~O
selectivity.~O

Electrochemical~B-structure control
and~I-structure control
spectroscopic~I-structure control
studies~I-structure control
reveal~I-structure control
that~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
metal-metal~I-structure control
interactions~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
Cu/Au~I-structure control
catalyst~I-structure control
lead~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
disappearance~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Au's~I-structure control
characteristic~I-structure control
electrocatalytic~I-structure control
activity~I-structure control
for~I-structure control
reducing~I-structure control
CO2~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
for~I-structure control
oxidizing~I-structure control
CO~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
stabilization~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Cu1+~I-structure control
species~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
at~I-structure control
CO2~I-structure control
reduction~I-structure control
potentials.~I-structure control

Boosting~O
CO2~O
Electroreduction~O
to~O
CH4~O
via~O
Tuning~O
Neighboring~O
Single-Copper~B-atomic level dispersion
Sites~I-atomic level dispersion
We~O
report~O
single-atom~O
Cu~O
catalysts~O
dispersed~O
on~O
nitrogen-doped~O
carbon~O
by~O
a~O
nitrogen-coordination~O
strategy.~O

Enhancing~O
CO2~O
Electroreduction~O
to~O
Ethanol~O
on~O
Copper-Silver~O
Composites~B-composite
by~O
Opening~O
an~O
Alternative~O
Catalytic~O
Pathway~O
A~O
fundamental~O
question~O
in~O
the~O
electrochemical~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
reaction~O
CO2RR~O
is~O
how~O
to~O
rationally~O
control~O
the~O
catalytic~O
selectivity.~O

Herein~O
we~O
construct~O
an~O
efficient~O
electro-catalyst~O
for~O
ethanol~O
formation~O
based~O
on~O
dodecanethiol-modified~B-surface modification
CuBr~I-surface modification
which~O
in~O
situ~O
generates~O
a~O
robust~O
Br-doped~O
Cu-thiol~O
interface.~O

Formation~O
of~O
Enriched~O
Vacancies~O
for~O
Enhanced~O
CO2~O
Electrocatalytic~O
Reduction~O
over~O
AuCu~O
Alloys~B-alloy
Electroreduction~O
ER~O
of~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
CO2~O
is~O
a~O
promising~O
way~O
to~O
curb~O
excessive~O
CO2~O
emission~O
and~O
produce~O
value-added~O
products.~O

Using~O
physical~O
vapor~O
deposition~O
as~O
a~O
tool~O
to~O
overcome~O
thermodynamic~O
miscibility~O
limitations~O
CuAg~O
thin~O
films~O
with~O
nonequilibrium~O
Cu/Ag~O
alloying~B-alloy
were~O
prepared~O
for~O
CO2R~O
performance~O
evaluation.~O

Here~O
we~O
report~O
a~O
new~B-composite
Cu2O/CuS~I-composite
composite~I-composite
catalyst~I-composite
that~O
simultaneously~O
achieves~O
an~O
excellent~O
faradaic~O
efficiency~O
of~O
67.~O

7~O
nm~O
in~O
the~O
Cu/Pb~O
core/shell~B-structure control
nanocrystals~I-structure control
NCs~O
CuPb-0.~O

Selective~O
Etching~O
Quaternary~O
MAX~O
Phase~O
toward~O
Single~B-atomic level dispersion
Atom~I-atomic level dispersion
Copper~O
Immobilized~O
MXene~O
Ti3C2Clx~O
for~O
Efficient~O
CO2~O
Electroreduction~O
to~O
Methanol~O
Single~O
atom~O
catalysts~O
possess~O
attractive~O
electro-catalytic~O
activities~O
for~O
various~O
chemical~O
reactions~O
owing~O
to~O
their~O
favorable~O
geometric~O
and~O
electronic~O
structures~O
compared~O
to~O
the~O
bulk~O
counterparts.~O

High-resolution~O
electron~O
microscopy~O
and~O
spectroscopy~O
are~O
used~O
in~B-structure control
order~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
characterize~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
morphology~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
sub-10~I-structure control
nm~I-structure control
Cu-Ag~I-structure control
nanodimers~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
core-shells~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
elucidate~I-structure control
trends~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
Ag~I-structure control
coverage~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
composition.~I-structure control

Our~O
results~O
demonstrate~O
that~O
the~B-surface modification
presence~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
oxygen~I-surface modification
species~I-surface modification
in~I-surface modification
surface~I-surface modification
and~I-surface modification
subsurface~I-surface modification
regions~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
nanocube~I-surface modification
catalysts~I-surface modification
is~O
key~O
for~O
achieving~O
high~O
activity~O
and~O
hydrocarbon/alcohol~O
selectivity~O
even~O
more~O
important~O
than~O
the~O
presence~O
of~O
Cu~O
100~O
facets.~O

Selectivity~O
on~O
Etching:~O
Creation~O
of~O
High-Energy~B-structure control
Facets~I-structure control
on~O
Copper~O
Nanocrystals~O
for~O
CO2~O
Electrochemical~O
Reduction~O
Creating~O
high-energy~O
facets~O
on~O
the~O
surface~O
of~O
catalyst~O
nanocrystals~O
represents~O
a~O
promising~O
method~O
for~O
enhancing~O
their~O
catalytic~O
activity.~O

Investigation~O
on~O
Electroreduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
Formic~O
Acid~O
Using~O
Cu-3~B-structure control
BTC~I-structure control
2~I-structure control
Metal-Organic~I-structure control
Framework~I-structure control
Cu-MOF~I-structure control
and~O
Graphene~O
Oxide~O
A~O
recent~O
class~O
of~O
porous~O
materials~O
viz.~O

Efficient~O
Conversion~O
of~O
Carbon~O
Dioxide~O
on~O
Atomically~B-atomic level dispersion
Dispersed~I-atomic level dispersion
Metal-Nx~I-atomic level dispersion
Species-Anchored~I-atomic level dispersion
Porous~O
Carbon~O
with~O
Embedded~O
CuxCoy~O
Nanoparticles~O
by~O
Accelerating~O
Electron~O
Separation~O
To~O
promote~O
methanol~O
product~O
selectivity~O
in~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
through~O
photoelectrochemical~O
reactions~O
a~O
novel~O
hybrid~O
electrocatalyst~O
CuCo/NC~O
was~O
developed~O
to~O
enhance~O
electron~O
transfer~O
from~O
cobalt~O
to~O
copper~O
atoms~O
with~O
coordinated~O
nitrogen~O
on~O
a~O
ZIF-derived~O
carbon~O
matrix.~O

Here~O
we~O
report~O
the~B-surface modification
modification~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
CuO~I-surface modification
with~I-surface modification
other~I-surface modification
metal~I-surface modification
Bi~I-surface modification
Sb~I-surface modification
Cd~I-surface modification
and~I-surface modification
Zr~I-surface modification
oxides~I-surface modification
to~O
form~O
bimetallic~O
oxide~O
nanocomposite~O
catalysts~O
exhibiting~O
efficient~O
ECR.~O

Promoting~O
C2+~O
Production~O
from~O
Electrochemical~O
CO2~O
Reduction~O
on~O
Shape-Controlled~B-structure control
Cuprous~O
Oxide~O
Nanocrystals~O
with~O
High-Index~O
Facets~O
Morphology-~O
and~O
crystal~O
facet-controlled~O
Cu2O~O
nanocrystals~O
NCs~O
including~O
cubic~O
Cu2O~O
c-Cu2O~O
NCs~O
with~O
{100}~O
facets~O
rhombic~O
dodecahedral~O
Cu2O~O
d-Cu2O~O
NCs~O
with~O
{110}~O
facets~O
and~O
concave~O
octahedral~O
Cu2O~O
o-Cu2O~O
NCs~O
with~O
high-index~O
facets~O
are~O
prepared~O
and~O
employed~O
as~O
catalysts~O
for~O
the~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
C2+~O
products~O
ethylene~O
ethanol~O
and~O
n-~O
propanol~O
.~O

The~B-alloy
synergistic~I-alloy
effect~I-alloy
between~I-alloy
Cu~I-alloy
and~I-alloy
Co~I-alloy
in~I-alloy
IL-based~I-alloy
electrolyte~I-alloy
is~I-alloy
the~I-alloy
main~I-alloy
reason~I-alloy
for~I-alloy
the~I-alloy
excellent~I-alloy
catalytic~I-alloy
performance.~I-alloy
The~O
incorporation~O
of~O
Co~O
into~O
Cu~O
leads~O
to~O
higher~O
electrochemical~O
surface~O
area~O
more~O
space~O
for~O
mass~O
diffusion~O
strong~O
CO2~O
adsorption~O
and~O
appropriate~O
CO2~O
center~O
dot-~O
adsorption.~O

Electrocatalytic~O
CO2~O
Reduction~O
to~O
Formate~O
on~O
Cu~O
Based~O
Surface~O
Alloys~B-alloy
with~O
Enhanced~O
Selectivity~O
Cu~O
is~O
a~O
catalyst~O
that~O
can~O
electrochemically~O
reduce~O
CO2~O
to~O
a~O
variety~O
of~O
industrially~O
important~O
carbon~O
products~O
but~O
often~O
with~O
poor~O
selectivity~O
and~O
low~O
current~O
density.~O

In~O
this~O
work~O
the~O
electroreduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
CO~O
is~O
highly~O
improved~O
by~O
the~O
design~O
of~O
copper-metal-organic-frameworks-derived~O
nanoparticle~O
Cu-MOF/NP~O
catalysts~O
in~O
which~O
Cu/Cu2O~B-structure control
particles~I-structure control
form~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
porous~I-structure control
octahedral~I-structure control
structure~I-structure control
containing~I-structure control
tunable~I-structure control
Cu-0~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
Cu+~I-structure control
catalytic~I-structure control
active~I-structure control
sites.~I-structure control
The~O
ECR-CO2~O
can~O
be~O
realized~O
with~O
a~O
high~O
current~O
density~O
of~O
25.~O

Here~O
we~O
demonstrate~O
substitution~B-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
Cu~I-surface modification
with~I-surface modification
an~I-surface modification
isomorphic~I-surface modification
atom~I-surface modification
i.e.~I-surface modification
Ni~I-surface modification
in~I-surface modification
CuO~I-surface modification
and~O
utilize~O
it~O
for~O
improving~O
the~O
hydrocarbon~O
selectivity~O
by~O
4~O
times~O
as~O
compared~O
to~O
that~O
of~O
pristine~O
CuO.~O

A~O
remarkable~O
finding~O
is~O
that~O
the~B-structure control
faradic~I-structure control
yields~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
ethylene~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
ethanol~I-structure control
can~I-structure control
be~I-structure control
systematically~I-structure control
tuned~I-structure control
by~I-structure control
changing~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
thickness~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
deposited~I-structure control
overlayers.~I-structure control
Films~O
1.~O

Here~O
a~O
novel~O
Cu2O~O
nanoparticle~B-structure control
film~I-structure control
was~O
synthesized~O
by~O
square-wave~O
SW~O
electrochemical~O
redox~O
cycling~O
of~O
high-purity~O
Cu~O
foils.~O

We~O
demonstrate~O
that~O
copper~O
nanoparticles~O
supported~O
on~O
glassy~O
carbon~O
n-Cu/C~O
achieve~O
up~B-structure control
to~I-structure control
4~I-structure control
times~I-structure control
greater~I-structure control
methanation~I-structure control
current~I-structure control
densities~I-structure control
compared~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
high-purity~I-structure control
copper~I-structure control
foil~I-structure control
electrodes.~I-structure control

Here~O
an~B-structure control
atypical~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
stable~I-structure control
OBC~I-structure control
catalyst~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
hierarchical~I-structure control
pore~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
nanograin-boundary~I-structure control
structure~I-structure control
was~I-structure control
constructed~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
was~I-structure control
found~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
exhibit~I-structure control
efficient~I-structure control
CO2RR~I-structure control
for~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
production~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
ethylene~I-structure control
with~O
a~O
Faradaic~O
efficiency~O
of~O
45%~O
at~O
a~O
partial~O
current~O
density~O
of~O
44.~O

A~O
grain-boundary-rich~B-structure control
metallic~I-structure control
copper~I-structure control
could~O
be~O
obtained~O
to~O
convert~O
CO2~O
into~O
ethylene~O
and~O
ethanol~O
with~O
a~O
high~O
selectivity~O
of~O
70%~O
over~O
a~O
wide~O
potential~O
range.~O

Experimental~O
measurements~O
on~O
multihollow~B-structure control
cuprous~O
oxide~O
catalyst~O
exhibit~O
a~O
C2+~O
Faradaic~O
efficiency~O
of~O
75.~O

Here~O
we~O
report~O
a~B-structure control
crystal~I-structure control
phase-dependent~I-structure control
catalytic~I-structure control
behavior~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
after~O
the~O
successful~O
synthesis~O
of~O
high-purity~O
4H~O
Cu~O
and~O
heterophase~O
4H/fcc~O
Cu~O
using~O
the~O
4H~O
and~O
4H/fcc~O
Au~O
as~O
templates~O
respectively.~O

Herein~O
two~O
stable~O
copper~O
I~O
-based~O
coordination~B-atomic level dispersion
polymer~I-atomic level dispersion
NNU-32~O
and~O
NNU-33~O
S~O
catalysts~O
are~O
synthesized~O
and~O
integrated~O
into~O
a~O
CO2~O
flow~O
cell~O
electrolyzer~O
which~O
exhibited~O
very~O
high~O
selectivity~O
for~O
electrocatalytic~O
CO2~O
-to-CH4~O
conversion~O
due~O
to~O
clearly~O
inherent~O
intramolecular~O
cuprophilic~O
interactions.~O

Here~O
we~O
design~O
Cu~B-defect
nanosheets~I-defect
with~I-defect
nanoscaled~I-defect
defects~I-defect
2-14~I-defect
nm~I-defect
for~O
the~O
electrochemical~O
production~O
of~O
ethylene~O
from~O
carbon~O
dioxide.~O

Here~O
we~O
report~O
a~O
simple~O
electrodeposited~B-structure control
Cu~O
electrocatalyst~O
on~O
a~O
hydrophobic~O
porous~O
gas-diffusion~O
layer~O
GDL~O
electrode~O
affording~O
stable~O
and~O
selective~O
CO2RR~O
to~O
C2+~O
products~O
in~O
nearneutral~O
KCI~O
electrolytes.~O

Selective~O
CO2~O
Electrochemical~O
Reduction~O
Enabled~O
by~O
a~O
Tricomponent~B-surface modification
Copolymer~I-surface modification
Modifier~I-surface modification
on~O
a~O
Copper~O
Surface~O
Electrochemical~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
over~O
Cu~O
could~O
provide~O
value-added~O
multicarbon~O
hydrocarbons~O
and~O
alcohols.~O

This~B-structure control
hierarchical~I-structure control
copper~I-structure control
structure~I-structure control
endows~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
CO2~I-structure control
reduction~I-structure control
electrode~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
sufficient~I-structure control
hydrophobicity~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
build~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
robust~I-structure control
gas-liquid-solid~I-structure control
triple-phase~I-structure control
boundary~I-structure control
which~O
can~O
not~O
only~O
trap~O
more~O
CO2~O
close~O
to~O
the~O
active~O
copper~O
surface~O
but~O
also~O
effectively~O
resist~O
electrolyte~O
flooding~O
even~O
under~O
high-rate~O
operation.~O

Electrochemical~O
CO2~O
Reduction~O
to~O
Hydrocarbons~O
on~O
a~O
Heterogeneous~O
Molecular~B-atomic level dispersion
Cu~I-atomic level dispersion
Catalyst~I-atomic level dispersion
in~O
Aqueous~O
Solution~O
Exploration~O
of~O
heterogeneous~O
molecular~O
catalysts~O
combining~O
the~O
atomic-level~O
tunability~O
of~O
molecular~O
structures~O
and~O
the~O
practical~O
handling~O
advantages~O
of~O
heterogeneous~O
catalysts~O
represents~O
an~O
attractive~O
approach~O
to~O
developing~O
high-performance~O
catalysts~O
for~O
important~O
and~O
challenging~O
chemical~O
reactions~O
such~O
as~O
electrochemical~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
reduction~O
which~O
holds~O
the~O
promise~O
for~O
converting~O
emissions~O
back~O
to~O
fuels~O
utilizing~O
renewable~O
energy.~O

9~O
V-RHE~O
including~O
the~O
presence~O
of~O
highly~B-defect
defective~I-defect
interfaces~I-defect
and~O
grain~O
boundaries~O
was~O
found~O
to~O
play~O
a~O
key~O
role~O
in~O
the~O
enhancement~O
of~O
the~O
C-2~O
product~O
formation.~O

When~O
compared~O
with~O
the~O
disordered~O
and~O
phase-separated~O
CuPd~O
catalysts~O
the~O
ordered~B-alloy
CuPd~I-alloy
catalyst~I-alloy
exhibits~O
the~O
highest~O
selectivity~O
for~O
Cl~O
products~O
>80%~O
.~O

The~O
phase-separated~B-structure control
CuPd~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
Cu3Pd~I-structure control
achieve~O
higher~O
selectivity~O
>60%~O
for~O
C2~O
chemicals~O
than~O
CuPd3~O
and~O
ordered~O
CuPd~O
which~O
suggests~O
that~O
the~O
probability~O
of~O
dimerization~O
of~O
Cl~O
intermediates~O
is~O
higher~O
on~O
surfaces~O
with~O
neighboring~O
Cu~O
atoms.~O

Theoretical~O
calculations~O
suggest~O
that~O
the~B-composite
0.8~I-composite
nm~I-composite
SnO2~I-composite
shell~I-composite
likely~I-composite
alloys~I-composite
with~I-composite
trace~I-composite
of~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
causing~I-composite
the~I-composite
SnO2~I-composite
lattice~I-composite
to~I-composite
be~I-composite
uniaxially~I-composite
compressed~I-composite
and~I-composite
favors~I-composite
the~I-composite
production~I-composite
of~I-composite
CO~I-composite
over~I-composite
formate.~I-composite
The~O
report~O
demonstrates~O
a~O
new~O
strategy~O
to~O
tune~O
NP~O
catalyst~O
selectivity~O
for~O
the~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
via~O
the~O
tunable~O
core/shell~O
structure.~O

In~O
contrast~O
to~O
the~O
disordered~O
alloy~O
NP~O
which~O
is~O
catalytically~O
active~O
for~O
hydrogen~O
evolution~O
ordered~B-alloy
AuCu~I-alloy
NPs~I-alloy
selectively~O
converted~O
CO2~O
to~O
CO~O
at~O
faradaic~O
efficiency~O
reaching~O
80%.~O

Here~O
we~O
report~O
our~O
investigations~O
of~O
electrochemical~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
reduction~O
over~O
CuAg~O
bimetallic~O
electrodes~O
and~O
surface~O
alloys~O
which~O
we~O
find~O
to~O
be~O
more~O
selective~O
for~O
the~O
formation~O
of~O
multi-carbon~O
products~O
than~O
pure~O
copper:~O
This~B-alloy
selectivity~I-alloy
enhancement~I-alloy
is~I-alloy
a~I-alloy
result~I-alloy
of~I-alloy
the~I-alloy
selective~I-alloy
suppression~I-alloy
of~I-alloy
hydrogen~I-alloy
evolution~I-alloy
which~I-alloy
occurs~I-alloy
due~I-alloy
to~I-alloy
compressive~I-alloy
strain~I-alloy
induced~I-alloy
by~I-alloy
the~I-alloy
formation~I-alloy
of~I-alloy
a~I-alloy
CuAg~I-alloy
surface~I-alloy
alloy.~I-alloy

Nanoporous~O
Copper~O
Silver~O
Alloys~B-alloy
by~O
Additive-Controlled~O
Electrodeposition~O
for~O
the~O
Selective~O
Electroreduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
Ethylene~O
and~O
Ethanol~O
Electrodeposition~O
of~O
CuAg~O
alloy~O
films~O
from~O
plating~O
baths~O
containing~O
3~O
5-diamino-1~O
2~O
4-triazole~O
DAT~O
as~O
an~O
inhibitor~O
yields~O
high~O
surface~O
area~O
catalysts~O
for~O
the~O
active~O
and~O
selective~O
electroreduction~O
of~O
CO~O
to~O
multicarbon~O
hydrocarbons~O
and~O
oxygenates.~O

Here~O
we~O
report~O
a~O
strategy~O
involving~O
metal-organic~B-atomic level dispersion
framework~I-atomic level dispersion
MOF~I-atomic level dispersion
-regulated~I-atomic level dispersion
Cu~I-atomic level dispersion
cluster~I-atomic level dispersion
formation~I-atomic level dispersion
that~O
shifts~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
toward~O
multiple-carbon~O
product~O
generation.~O

In~O
this~O
study~O
we~O
developed~O
anodized~B-structure control
copper~I-structure control
AN-Cu~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
OH~I-structure control
2~I-structure control
catalysts~I-structure control
by~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
simple~I-structure control
electrochemical~I-structure control
synthesis~I-structure control
method~I-structure control
and~O
achieved~O
similar~O
to~O
40%~O
Faradaic~O
efficiency~O
for~O
ethylene~O
production~O
and~O
high~O
stability~O
over~O
40~O
h.~O

The~B-structure control
increased~I-structure control
C2H4~I-structure control
production~I-structure control
activity~I-structure control
was~I-structure control
related~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
morphological~I-structure control
transformation~I-structure control
over~I-structure control
reaction~I-structure control
time.~I-structure control

Nanodimers~B-structure control
including~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
two~I-structure control
constituent~I-structure control
metals~I-structure control
as~I-structure control
segregated~I-structure control
domains~I-structure control
sharing~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
tunable~I-structure control
interface~I-structure control
are~O
obtained~O
by~O
developing~O
a~O
seeded~O
growth~O
synthesis~O
wherein~O
preformed~O
Ag~O
nanoparticles~O
are~O
used~O
as~O
nucleation~O
seeds~O
for~O
the~O
Cu~O
domain.~O

We~O
find~O
that~O
protic~O
species~O
enhance~O
selectivity~O
for~O
H-2~O
hydrophilic~B-surface modification
species~I-surface modification
enhance~O
formic~O
acid~O
formation~O
and~O
cationic~O
hydrophobic~O
species~O
enhance~O
CO~O
selectivity.~O

We~O
find~O
that~O
protic~O
species~O
enhance~O
selectivity~O
for~O
H-2~O
hydrophilic~O
species~O
enhance~O
formic~O
acid~O
formation~O
and~O
cationic~B-surface modification
hydrophobic~I-surface modification
species~I-surface modification
enhance~O
CO~O
selectivity.~O

In~O
this~O
work~O
we~O
present~O
highly~B-structure control
selective~I-structure control
ethylene~I-structure control
production~I-structure control
dependent~I-structure control
upon~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
catalyst~I-structure control
morphology~I-structure control
using~I-structure control
copper~I-structure control
oxide~I-structure control
nanoparticles.~I-structure control

In~O
this~O
study~O
we~O
have~O
employed~O
size-controlled~B-structure control
similar~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
5~I-structure control
nm~I-structure control
Cu100-xZnx~I-structure control
nanoparticles~I-structure control
NPs~I-structure control
supported~O
on~O
carbon~O
to~O
investigate~O
the~O
correlation~O
between~O
their~O
structure~O
and~O
composition~O
and~O
catalytic~O
performance.~O

Scalable~O
Production~O
of~O
Efficient~O
Single-Atom~B-atomic level dispersion
Copper~O
Decorated~O
Carbon~O
Membranes~O
for~O
CO2~O
Electroreduction~O
to~O
Methanol~O
Electrocatalytic~O
reduction~O
reaction~O
of~O
CO2~O
CO2RR~O
is~O
an~O
effective~O
way~O
to~O
mitigate~O
energy~O
and~O
environmental~O
issues.~O

We~O
observed~O
that~O
the~B-structure control
oxide/hydroxide~I-structure control
crystals~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
HQ-Cu~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
AN-Cu~I-structure control
were~I-structure control
fragmented~I-structure control
into~I-structure control
nanosized~I-structure control
irregular~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
grains~I-structure control
under~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
applied~I-structure control
negative~I-structure control
potentials.~I-structure control
Such~O
a~O
fragmentation~O
process~O
which~O
is~O
the~O
consequence~O
of~O
an~O
oxidation-reduction~O
cycle~O
and~O
does~O
not~O
occur~O
in~O
electropolished~O
Cu~O
not~O
only~O
built~O
an~O
intricate~O
network~O
of~O
grain~O
boundaries~O
but~O
also~O
exposed~O
a~O
variety~O
of~O
high-index~O
facets.~O

Here~O
we~O
introduce~O
atomic~B-surface modification
layer~I-surface modification
deposition~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
SnO2~I-surface modification
on~I-surface modification
CuO~I-surface modification
nanowires~I-surface modification
as~O
a~O
means~O
for~O
changing~O
the~O
wide~O
product~O
distribution~O
of~O
CuO-derived~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
electrocatalysts~O
to~O
yield~O
predominantly~O
CO.~O

Among~O
them~O
the~O
copper~B-atomic level dispersion
II~I-atomic level dispersion
phthalocyanine~I-atomic level dispersion
exhibits~O
by~O
far~O
the~O
highest~O
activity~O
for~O
yielding~O
methane~O
with~O
a~O
Faradaic~O
efficiency~O
of~O
66%~O
and~O
a~O
partial~O
current~O
density~O
of~O
13~O
mA~O
cm~O
-2~O
at~O
the~O
potential~O
of~O
-1.~O

Here~O
we~O
report~O
a~O
copper~B-composite
on~I-composite
copper~I-composite
I~I-composite
composite~I-composite
that~O
stabilizes~O
copper~O
I~O
during~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
through~O
the~O
use~O
of~O
copper~O
nitride~O
as~O
an~O
underlying~O
copper~O
I~O
species.~O

The~B-composite
origin~I-composite
of~I-composite
the~I-composite
synergistic~I-composite
effect~I-composite
and~I-composite
the~I-composite
nature~I-composite
of~I-composite
the~I-composite
active~I-composite
phase~I-composite
are~O
not~O
well~O
understood~O
thus~O
hindering~O
optimization~O
efforts.~O

The~O
copper~O
oxide/hollow~O
tin~O
dioxide~O
heterostructure~B-structure control
catalyst~O
exhibits~O
promising~O
performance~O
which~O
can~O
tune~O
the~O
products~O
from~O
carbon~O
monoxide~O
to~O
formic~O
acid~O
at~O
high~O
faradaic~O
efficiency~O
by~O
simply~O
changing~O
the~O
electrolysis~O
potentials~O
from~O
-0.~O

The~B-structure control
copper~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
selenium~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
catalysts~I-structure control
cooperate~I-structure control
very~I-structure control
well~I-structure control
for~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
formation~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
methanol.~I-structure control
The~O
current~O
density~O
is~O
higher~O
than~O
those~O
reported~O
up~O
to~O
date~O
with~O
very~O
high~O
Faradaic~O
efficiency~O
for~O
producing~O
methanol.~O

Here~O
we~O
report~O
reduction~O
of~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
to~O
C-2~O
products~O
acetic~O
acid~O
and~O
ethanol~O
over~O
a~O
3D~B-structure control
dendritic~I-structure control
copper-cuprous~I-structure control
oxide~I-structure control
composite~I-structure control
fabricated~O
by~O
in~O
situ~O
reduction~O
of~O
an~O
electrodeposited~O
copper~O
complex.~O

Here~O
we~O
report~O
a~O
complementary~O
approach~O
in~O
which~O
we~O
utilize~O
hydroxide~B-surface modification
and~I-surface modification
oxide~I-surface modification
doping~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
a~I-surface modification
catalyst~I-surface modification
surface~I-surface modification
to~O
tune~O
the~O
adsorbed~O
hydrogen~O
on~O
Cu.~O

Selective~O
electroreduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
acetone~O
by~O
single~B-atomic level dispersion
copper~I-atomic level dispersion
atoms~I-atomic level dispersion
anchored~O
on~O
N-doped~O
porous~O
carbon~O
Efficient~O
electroreduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
multi-carbon~O
products~O
is~O
a~O
challenging~O
reaction~O
because~O
of~O
the~O
high~O
energy~O
barriers~O
for~O
CO2~O
activation~O
and~O
C-C~O
coupling~O
which~O
can~O
be~O
tuned~O
by~O
designing~O
the~O
metal~O
centers~O
and~O
coordination~O
environments~O
of~O
catalysts.~O

This~O
work~O
shows~O
that~O
efficient~O
conversion~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
C2+~O
products~O
requires~O
a~B-defect
Cu~I-defect
catalyst~I-defect
with~I-defect
a~I-defect
high~I-defect
density~I-defect
of~I-defect
defect~I-defect
sites~I-defect
that~O
promote~O
adsorption~O
of~O
carbon~O
intermediates~O
and~O
C-C~O
coupling~O
reactions~O
while~O
minimizing~O
roughness.~O

Insights~O
on~O
forming~O
N~B-atomic level dispersion
O-coordinated~I-atomic level dispersion
Cu~I-atomic level dispersion
single-atom~I-atomic level dispersion
catalysts~I-atomic level dispersion
for~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
CO2~O
to~O
methane~O
Single-atom~O
catalysts~O
SACs~O
are~O
promising~O
candidates~O
to~O
catalyze~O
electrochemical~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
ECR~O
due~O
to~O
maximized~O
atomic~O
utilization.~O

Here~O
we~O
report~O
Cu-Sn~O
single-atom~O
surface~O
alloys~B-alloy
where~O
isolated~O
Sn~O
sites~O
with~O
high~O
surface~O
densities~O
up~O
to~O
8%~O
are~O
anchored~O
on~O
the~O
Cu~O
host~O
for~O
efficient~O
electrocatalytic~O
CO2~O
reduction.~O

This~O
study~O
shows~O
that~O
the~B-surface modification
introduction~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
Au~I-surface modification
in~I-surface modification
Cu~I-surface modification
enables~O
selective~O
methane~O
production~O
from~O
CO2~O
by~O
regulating~O
*CO~O
availability.~O

Low~O
coordination~B-atomic level dispersion
number~I-atomic level dispersion
copper~I-atomic level dispersion
catalysts~I-atomic level dispersion
for~O
electrochemical~O
CO2~O
methanation~O
in~O
a~O
membrane~O
electrode~O
assembly~O
The~O
electrochemical~O
conversion~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
methane~O
provides~O
a~O
means~O
to~O
store~O
intermittent~O
renewable~O
electricity~O
in~O
the~O
form~O
of~O
a~O
carbon-neutral~O
hydrocarbon~O
fuel~O
that~O
benefits~O
from~O
an~O
established~O
global~O
distribution~O
network.~O

Here~O
the~B-composite
authors~I-composite
address~I-composite
this~I-composite
issue~I-composite
by~I-composite
using~I-composite
copper~I-composite
nanoparticles~I-composite
protected~I-composite
by~I-composite
self-formed~I-composite
quasi~I-composite
graphitic~I-composite
carbon~I-composite
shell~I-composite
for~I-composite
stable~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
to~I-composite
C2H4~I-composite
conversion.~I-composite
Doi:10.~O

Here~O
the~O
authors~O
describe~O
a~O
deposition-etch-bombardment~O
synthetic~O
approach~O
to~O
prepare~O
Cu~B-structure control
100~I-structure control
-rich~I-structure control
thin~I-structure control
film~I-structure control
electrodes~I-structure control
for~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
with~O
over~O
50%~O
ethylene~O
Faradaic~O
efficiency~O
at~O
a~O
total~O
current~O
of~O
12~O
A.~O

0~O
V~O
versus~O
the~O
reversible~O
hydrogen~O
electrode~O
and~O
the~O
presence~O
of~O
100~O
terraces~O
Cu2O~O
and~O
defects~B-defect
on~O
Cu~O
100~O
.~O

Copper~O
atom-pair~B-atomic level dispersion
catalyst~I-atomic level dispersion
anchored~O
on~O
alloy~O
nanowires~O
for~O
selective~O
and~O
efficient~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
The~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
could~O
play~O
an~O
important~O
role~O
in~O
addressing~O
climate-change~O
issues~O
and~O
global~O
energy~O
demands~O
as~O
part~O
of~O
a~O
carbon-neutral~O
energy~O
cycle.~O

Highly~O
selective~O
electrocatalytic~O
CO~O
2~O
reduction~O
to~O
ethanol~O
by~O
metallic~B-atomic level dispersion
clusters~I-atomic level dispersion
dynamically~O
formed~O
from~O
atomically~O
dispersed~O
copper~O
Direct~O
electrochemical~O
conversion~O
of~O
CO~O
2~O
to~O
ethanol~O
offers~O
a~O
promising~O
strategy~O
to~O
lower~O
CO~O
2~O
emissions~O
while~O
storing~O
energy~O
from~O
renewable~O
electricity.~O

Here~O
we~B-surface modification
systematically~I-surface modification
explore~I-surface modification
and~I-surface modification
optimize~I-surface modification
this~I-surface modification
microenvironment~I-surface modification
using~I-surface modification
bilayer~I-surface modification
cation-~I-surface modification
and~I-surface modification
anion-conducting~I-surface modification
ionomer~I-surface modification
coatings~I-surface modification
to~O
control~O
the~O
local~O
pH~O
via~O
Donnan~O
exclusion~O
and~O
CO2/H2O~O
ratio~O
via~O
ionomer~O
properties~O
respectively.~O

Herein~O
we~O
report~O
a~O
unique~B-structure control
nanocomposite~I-structure control
consisting~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
nanoparticles~I-structure control
NPs~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
reduced~I-structure control
graphene~I-structure control
oxide~I-structure control
rGO~I-structure control
supported~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
substrate~I-structure control
with~O
a~O
high~O
catalytic~O
activity~O
for~O
CO2~O
reduction.~O

Here~O
we~O
report~O
a~O
design~O
principle~O
for~O
the~O
creation~O
of~O
a~O
selective~B-surface modification
yet~I-surface modification
robust~I-surface modification
catalytic~I-surface modification
interface~I-surface modification
for~O
heterogeneous~O
electrocatalysts~O
in~O
the~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
C-2~O
oxygenates~O
demonstrated~O
by~O
rational~O
tuning~O
of~O
an~O
assembly~O
of~O
nitrogen-doped~O
nanodiamonds~O
and~O
copper~O
nanoparticles.~O

Compared~O
with~O
the~O
polished~O
Cu~O
foil~O
our~B-structure control
100-cycled~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
nanocube~I-structure control
catalyst~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
exposed~I-structure control
100~I-structure control
facets~I-structure control
presents~O
a~O
sixfold~O
improvement~O
in~O
C2+~O
to~O
C-1~O
product~O
ratio~O
with~O
a~O
highest~O
C2+~O
Faradaic~O
efficiency~O
of~O
over~O
60%~O
and~O
H-2~O
below~O
20%~O
and~O
a~O
corresponding~O
C2+~O
current~O
of~O
more~O
than~O
40~O
mA~O
cm~O
-2~O
.~O

The~B-composite
bimetallic~I-composite
Au/Cu~I-composite
electrocatalyst~I-composite
exhibits~I-composite
synergistic~I-composite
activity~I-composite
and~I-composite
selectivity~I-composite
superior~I-composite
to~I-composite
gold~I-composite
copper~I-composite
or~I-composite
AuCu~I-composite
alloys~I-composite
and~O
opens~O
new~O
possibilities~O
for~O
the~O
development~O
of~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
electrodes~O
exploiting~O
tandem~O
catalysis~O
mechanisms.~O

Here~O
by~O
reducing~O
mixtures~O
of~O
CO~O
-C-13~O
and~O
CO2~O
-C-12~O
we~O
show~O
that~O
oxide-derived~O
Cu~O
catalysts~O
have~O
three~B-structure control
different~I-structure control
types~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
active~I-structure control
sites~I-structure control
for~I-structure control
C-C~I-structure control
coupled~I-structure control
products~I-structure control
one~O
that~O
produces~O
ethanol~O
and~O
acetate~O
another~O
that~O
produces~O
ethylene~O
and~O
yet~O
another~O
that~O
produces~O
1-propanol.~O

Here~O
we~O
report~O
a~O
fluorine-modified~B-surface modification
copper~O
catalyst~O
that~O
exhibits~O
an~O
ultrahigh~O
current~O
density~O
of~O
1.~O

Electrochemical~O
CO2-to-ethylene~O
conversion~O
on~O
polyamine-incorporated~B-surface modification
Cu~I-surface modification
electrodes~I-surface modification
Electrochemical~O
conversion~O
of~O
CO2~O
into~O
value-added~O
chemicals~O
holds~O
promise~O
to~O
enable~O
the~O
transition~O
to~O
carbon~O
neutrality.~O

Here~O
we~O
report~O
that~O
copper~O
nanowires~B-structure control
with~I-structure control
rich~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
steps~I-structure control
exhibit~O
a~O
remarkably~O
high~O
Faradaic~O
efficiency~O
for~O
C2H4~O
that~O
can~O
be~O
maintained~O
for~O
over~O
200~O
hours.~O

Composition~O
dependent~O
activity~O
of~O
Cu-Pt~O
nanocrystals~O
for~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
The~O
Cu-Pt~B-alloy
nanocrystal~I-alloy
NC~O
samples~O
with~O
concisely~O
controlled~O
atomic~O
ratios~O
Cu~O
:~O
Pt~O
are~O
prepared~O
by~O
a~O
facile~O
strategy.~O

During~O
CO2~O
electrolysis~O
using~O
electrodeposited~O
Cu2O~O
on~O
a~O
carbon~O
electrode~O
we~O
observe~O
the~O
transformation~O
of~O
a~O
compact~O
metal~O
oxide~O
layer~O
to~O
a~B-defect
metal~I-defect
oxide~I-defect
structure~I-defect
with~I-defect
oxygen~I-defect
vacant~I-defect
sites~I-defect
at~O
the~O
bulk~O
region.~O

Starting~O
with~O
thin~B-structure control
Cu2O~I-structure control
films~I-structure control
besides~O
CO~O
and~O
hydrogen~O
selective~O
formation~O
of~O
ethylene~O
is~O
observed~O
with~O
very~O
high~O
ethylene-to-methane~O
ratios~O
similar~O
to~O
8~O
to~O
12~O
.~O

In~O
addition~O
to~O
these~O
products~O
thicker~B-structure control
Cu2O~I-structure control
films~I-structure control
yield~O
a~O
remarkably~O
large~O
amount~O
of~O
ethane.~O

The~B-structure control
specific~I-structure control
morphology~I-structure control
was~I-structure control
demonstrated~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
be~I-structure control
more~I-structure control
electrocatalytically~I-structure control
active~I-structure control
than~I-structure control
others~I-structure control
by~I-structure control
multiple~I-structure control
methods.~I-structure control
Doi:10.~O

High~O
resolution~O
transmission~O
electron~O
microscopy~O
reveals~O
the~B-structure control
presence~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
both~I-structure control
100~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
facets~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
atomic~I-structure control
steps~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
mesocrystals~I-structure control
which~O
we~O
assign~O
as~O
active~O
sites~O
in~O
catalyzing~O
the~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
C2H4.~O

Remarkably~O
the~B-atomic level dispersion
organic~I-atomic level dispersion
ligand~I-atomic level dispersion
of~I-atomic level dispersion
the~I-atomic level dispersion
Cu~I-atomic level dispersion
precursor~I-atomic level dispersion
remains~I-atomic level dispersion
part~I-atomic level dispersion
of~I-atomic level dispersion
the~I-atomic level dispersion
composite~I-atomic level dispersion
material~I-atomic level dispersion
and~O
the~O
electrocatalytic~O
activity~O
is~O
greatly~O
dependent~O
on~O
the~O
nature~O
of~O
that~O
organic~O
component.~O

The~B-structure control
improved~I-structure control
faradaic~I-structure control
efficiency~I-structure control
for~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
reduction~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
CO2~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
CO~I-structure control
is~I-structure control
ascribed~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
enhanced~I-structure control
stabilization~I-structure control
for~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
CO2~I-structure control
center~I-structure control
dot-~I-structure control
intermediate~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
high~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
area~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
nanowire~I-structure control
arrays.~I-structure control
Doi:10.~O

Amino~O
acid~B-surface modification
modified~I-surface modification
copper~O
electrodes~O
for~O
the~O
enhanced~O
selective~O
electroreduction~O
of~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
towards~O
hydrocarbons~O
Electroreduction~O
of~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
to~O
hydrocarbons~O
has~O
been~O
proposed~O
as~O
a~O
promising~O
way~O
to~O
utilize~O
CO2~O
and~O
maintain~O
carbon~O
balance~O
in~O
the~O
environment.~O

X-ray~O
diffraction~O
XRD~O
analysis~O
indicated~O
that~O
the~B-structure control
enhanced~I-structure control
catalytic~I-structure control
activities~I-structure control
were~I-structure control
primarily~I-structure control
attributable~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
increased~I-structure control
111~I-structure control
facet~I-structure control
which~O
is~O
energetically~O
favourable~O
for~O
the~O
production~O
of~O
HCOOH.~O

Overpotential~O
for~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
lowered~O
on~O
strained~O
penta-twinned~O
Cu~O
nanowires~O
Based~O
on~O
first-principles~O
calculations~O
we~O
predict~O
that~O
penta-twinned~B-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
nanowires~I-structure control
NWs~O
are~O
superior~O
to~O
conventional~O
Cu~O
catalysts~O
for~O
CO2~O
electroreduction.~O

The~B-structure control
Au~I-structure control
cubic~I-structure control
nanoparticles~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
7-8~I-structure control
layers~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
showed~O
the~O
largest~O
conversion~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
formic~O
acid~O
at~O
potentials~O
higher~O
than~O
0.~O

Generation~O
of~O
Cu-In~O
alloy~B-alloy
surfaces~O
from~O
CuInO2~O
as~O
selective~O
catalytic~O
sites~O
for~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
The~O
lack~O
of~O
availability~O
of~O
efficient~O
selective~O
and~O
stable~O
electrocatalysts~O
is~O
a~O
major~O
hindrance~O
for~O
scalable~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
processes.~O

Entrapment~O
of~O
a~O
pyridine~O
derivative~O
within~O
a~O
copper-palladium~O
alloy:~B-alloy
a~O
bifunctional~O
catalyst~O
for~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
alcohols~O
with~O
excellent~O
selectivity~O
and~O
reusability~O
A~O
novel~O
bifunctional~O
catalyst~O
[PYD]@Cu-Pd~O
composite~O
was~O
synthesized~O
for~O
the~O
first~O
time~O
and~O
used~O
as~O
a~O
cathode~O
for~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2.~O

Copper~O
nanoparticle~B-structure control
interspersed~I-structure control
MoS2~I-structure control
nanoflowers~I-structure control
with~O
enhanced~O
efficiency~O
for~O
CO2~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
to~O
fuel~O
Electrocatalytic~O
conversion~O
of~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
CO2~O
has~O
been~O
considered~O
as~O
an~O
ideal~O
method~O
to~O
simultaneously~O
solve~O
the~O
energy~O
crisis~O
and~O
environmental~O
issue~O
around~O
the~O
world.~O

Here~O
we~O
report~O
that~O
Cu-CDots~B-structure control
nanocorals~I-structure control
is~O
a~O
highly~O
efficient~O
low-cost~O
and~O
stable~O
electrocatalyst~O
for~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
in~O
aqueous~O
solution.~O

First-principles~O
calculations~O
exhibit~O
that~O
Pd~O
atoms~O
on~O
the~O
catalyst~O
surface~O
serve~O
as~O
reactive~O
centers~O
and~O
highly~O
selective~O
CO~O
formation~O
is~O
attributed~O
to~O
the~O
geometric~O
and~O
electronic~O
effects~O
within~O
the~O
palladium-copper~O
bimetallic~O
alloys.~B-alloy

Porous~O
dendritic~B-structure control
copper:~O
an~O
electrocatalyst~O
for~O
highly~O
selective~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
to~O
formate~O
in~O
water/ionic~O
liquid~O
electrolyte~O
Copper~O
is~O
currently~O
extensively~O
studied~O
because~O
it~O
provides~O
promising~O
electrodes~O
for~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
electroreduction.~O

The~B-composite
hybrid~I-composite
electrode~I-composite
exhibits~I-composite
excellent~I-composite
selectivity~I-composite
activity~I-composite
and~I-composite
durability~I-composite
at~I-composite
modest~I-composite
overpotentials.~I-composite
Notably~O
the~O
CO~O
faradaic~O
efficiency~O
can~O
reach~O
90%~O
and~O
the~O
CO~O
partial~O
current~O
density~O
approaches~O
4.~O

Cu~O
overlayers~O
on~O
tetrahexahedral~O
Pd~O
nanocrystals~O
with~O
high-index~O
facets~O
for~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
to~O
alcohols~O
We~O
investigated~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
on~O
Cu~B-structure control
overlayers~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
tetra-hexahedral~I-structure control
Pd~I-structure control
nanocrystals~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
{310}~I-structure control
high-index~I-structure control
facets~I-structure control
which~O
exhibited~O
a~O
high~O
Faradaic~O
efficiency~O
towards~O
alcohols.~O

Joint~O
tuning~O
of~O
nanostructured~B-structure control
Cu-oxide~O
morphology~O
and~O
local~O
electrolyte~O
programs~O
high-rate~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
to~O
C2H4~O
Electrochemical~O
ethylene~O
production~O
rates~O
are~O
enhanced~O
by~O
pushing~O
favourable~O
local~O
electrolyte~O
conditions~O
to~O
occur~O
at~O
higher~O
current~O
densities~O
and~O
lower~O
relative~O
overpotentials.~O

Our~O
study~O
shows~O
a~O
promising~O
way~O
to~O
produce~O
C-2~O
products~O
via~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
by~O
the~B-composite
combination~I-composite
of~I-composite
composite~I-composite
electrodes~I-composite
and~I-composite
electrolytes~I-composite
with~O
a~O
promoter.~O

The~B-surface modification
modified~I-surface modification
electrodes~I-surface modification
with~I-surface modification
phosphate~I-surface modification
species~I-surface modification
exhibit~I-surface modification
higher~I-surface modification
selectivity~I-surface modification
for~I-surface modification
HCOOH~I-surface modification
formation~I-surface modification
faradaic~O
efficiency~O
similar~O
to~O
80%~O
from~O
the~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
as~O
compared~O
with~O
Cu~O
foil~O
faradaic~O
efficiency~O
similar~O
to~O
33%~O
.~O

Here~O
we~O
report~O
on~O
copper~O
sulfide~O
nanosheet~B-structure control
arrays~I-structure control
supported~O
on~O
nickel~O
foam~O
CuS@NF~O
applied~O
as~O
a~O
robust~O
catalyst~O
for~O
CO2~O
electroreduction.~O

Efficient~O
electrochemical~O
transformation~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
C-2/C-3~O
chemicals~O
on~O
benzimidazole-functionalized~B-surface modification
copper~I-surface modification
surfaces~I-surface modification
A~O
simple~O
and~O
efficient~O
catalyst~O
benzimidazole~O
BIMH~O
-modified~O
copper~O
foil~O
is~O
developed~O
to~O
enhance~O
the~O
selective~O
conversion~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
C-2/C-3~O
products.~O

Our~O
analysis~O
of~O
the~O
electrochemical~O
formation~O
of~O
carbon~O
monoxide~O
ethylene~O
and~O
hydrogen~O
suggests~O
that~O
the~B-composite
presence~I-composite
of~I-composite
Au~I-composite
an~I-composite
electrocatalyst~I-composite
for~I-composite
CO2-to-CO~I-composite
conversion~I-composite
helps~I-composite
enhance~I-composite
*CO-coverage~I-composite
on~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
thus~I-composite
promoting~I-composite
the~I-composite
production~I-composite
of~I-composite
multi-carbon~I-composite
products~I-composite
and~I-composite
suppressing~I-composite
hydrogen~I-composite
formation~I-composite
on~I-composite
the~I-composite
CuAu~I-composite
catalyst.~I-composite

Efficient~O
electroreduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
C2~O
products~O
over~O
B-doped~O
oxide-derived~O
copper~O
B-Doped~O
oxide-derived-Cu~B-surface modification
is~O
a~O
highly~O
efficient~O
electrocatalyst~O
for~O
transformation~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
C2~O
products.~O

Herein~O
we~O
use~O
Cu~O
nanowires~O
Cu~O
NWs~O
as~O
the~O
starting~O
materials~O
and~O
polytetrafluoroethylene~B-surface modification
PTFE~I-surface modification
as~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
surface~I-surface modification
modifier~I-surface modification
to~O
make~O
a~O
superaerophilic~O
electrode~O
using~O
a~O
wettability~O
control~O
strategy.~O

The~O
excellent~O
performance~O
is~O
mainly~O
attributed~O
to~O
stronger~O
CO2~O
adsorption~O
higher~B-structure control
electrochemical~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
area~I-structure control
and~O
lower~O
charge~O
transfer~O
resistance.~O

The~B-structure control
notable~I-structure control
catalytic~I-structure control
activity~I-structure control
suggests~I-structure control
that~I-structure control
controlling~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
Cu/Bi~I-structure control
molar~I-structure control
ratio~I-structure control
is~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
key~I-structure control
factor~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
developing~I-structure control
special~I-structure control
micro-structure~I-structure control
Bi2O3-CuO~I-structure control
x~I-structure control
catalysts~I-structure control
for~I-structure control
electrochemical~I-structure control
reduction~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
CO2~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
formate~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
aqueous~I-structure control
systems.~I-structure control
Doi:10.~O

Herein~O
we~O
demonstrated~O
the~O
synthesis~O
of~O
hollow~B-structure control
Au-Cu~I-structure control
nanoparticles~I-structure control
of~O
size~O
ranging~O
from~O
50~O
nm~O
to~O
100~O
nm~O
with~O
a~O
wall~O
thickness~O
of~O
4.~O

Here~O
we~O
used~O
copper~B-atomic level dispersion
II~I-atomic level dispersion
paddle~I-atomic level dispersion
wheel~I-atomic level dispersion
cluster-based~I-atomic level dispersion
porphyrinic~O
metal-organic~O
framework~O
MOF~O
nanosheets~O
for~O
electrocatalytic~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
and~O
compared~O
them~O
with~O
CuO~O
Cu2O~O
Cu~O
a~O
porphyrin-Cu~O
II~O
complex~O
and~O
a~O
CuO/complex~O
composite.~O

Copper-modulated~O
bismuth~O
nanocrystals~O
alter~O
the~O
formate~O
formation~O
pathway~O
to~O
achieve~O
highly~O
selective~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
We~O
incorporated~B-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
into~I-structure control
Bi~I-structure control
nanocrystals~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
modulate~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
local~I-structure control
electronic~I-structure control
environment~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Bi~I-structure control
atoms~I-structure control
altering~O
the~O
HCOOH~O
formation~O
pathway~O
from~O
COOH*~O
to~O
OCHO*~O
intermediates.~O

Herein~O
we~O
synthesized~O
spiky~B-structure control
Cu@Sn~I-structure control
nanocones~I-structure control
over~O
a~O
macroporous~O
Cu~O
foam~O
which~O
has~O
a~O
curvature~O
radius~O
of~O
10nm~O
via~O
facile~O
electrochemical~O
coating~O
of~O
a~O
thin~O
layer~O
of~O
Sn~O
over~O
the~O
Cu~O
nanoconic~O
surface.~O

3D~O
core-shell~B-structure control
porous-structured~I-structure control
Cu@Sn~O
hybrid~O
electrodes~O
with~O
unprecedented~O
selective~O
CO2-into-formate~O
electroreduction~O
achieving~O
100%~O
Cu-based~O
catalysts~O
are~O
exceptionally~O
advantageous~O
for~O
the~O
electrochemical~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
reaction~O
CO2RR~O
to~O
fuels~O
and~O
chemical~O
products~O
utilizing~O
clean~O
and~O
renewable~O
energy.~O

Size~O
dependent~O
selectivity~O
of~O
Cu~O
nano-octahedra~O
catalysts~O
for~O
the~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
CH4~O
Octahedral~O
Cu~B-structure control
nanocrystals~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
size~I-structure control
range~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
75-310~I-structure control
nm~I-structure control
are~O
synthesized~O
and~O
investigated~O
for~O
electrochemical~O
CO2~O
reduction.~O

The~B-composite
catalytic~I-composite
properties~I-composite
of~I-composite
the~I-composite
composite~I-composite
catalysts~I-composite
can~I-composite
be~I-composite
readily~I-composite
tuned~I-composite
by~I-composite
manipulation~I-composite
of~I-composite
the~I-composite
metal~I-composite
oxide~I-composite
composition~I-composite
and~I-composite
interface~I-composite
enabling~O
remarkably~O
high~O
CO2-to-CO~O
conversion~O
with~O
a~O
CO~O
faradaic~O
efficiency~O
of~O
about~O
93.~O

By~O
in~O
situ~O
photoresponse~O
measurement~O
combined~O
with~O
the~O
ex~O
situ~O
structure~O
and~O
composition~O
analysis~O
Cu2O~B-structure control
is~I-structure control
demonstrated~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
be~I-structure control
persistent~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
ODCu~I-structure control
throughout~O
the~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
reaction~O
CO2RR~O
even~O
at~O
high~O
applied~O
bias~O
-1.~O

CuO/In2O3~B-defect
nanocomposites~I-defect
with~I-defect
different~I-defect
V-O~I-defect
concentrations~I-defect
were~O
synthesized~O
under~O
different~O
synthesis~O
environments.~O

This~O
paper~O
reports~O
an~O
impact~O
factor~O
for~O
synergistic~O
effects~O
between~O
Cu~O
and~O
nitrogen-doped~O
carbon~O
NC~O
supports~O
by~O
comparing~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
reaction~O
CO2RR~O
performances~O
on~O
MOF-derived~B-structure control
copper@nitrogen-doped~I-structure control
carbon~I-structure control
Cu-NC~I-structure control
catalysts~I-structure control
obtained~I-structure control
by~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
calcination~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
N-containing~I-structure control
benzimidazole-modified~I-structure control
Cu-BTC~I-structure control
1~I-structure control
3~I-structure control
5-benzenetricarboxylic~I-structure control
acid~I-structure control
MOFs~I-structure control
BEN-Cu-BTC~I-structure control
at~I-structure control
different~I-structure control
temperatures.~I-structure control

The~O
high~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
activity~O
of~O
the~O
Cu~O
foam@BiNW~O
electrode~O
is~O
attributed~O
to~O
the~O
high~O
intrinsic~O
activity~O
arising~O
from~O
the~O
presence~O
of~O
crystal~O
lattice~O
dislocations~O
on~O
the~O
twisted~O
Bi~O
nanowires~O
and~O
the~B-structure control
large~I-structure control
catalytic~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
area~I-structure control
associated~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
porous~I-structure control
structure.~I-structure control

The~B-structure control
surface~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
intermetallic~I-structure control
Cu6Sn5~I-structure control
was~I-structure control
found~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
be~I-structure control
covered~I-structure control
by~I-structure control
SnO2~I-structure control
indicating~I-structure control
that~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
core-shell~I-structure control
structured~I-structure control
intermetallic~I-structure control
compound~I-structure control
i.e.~I-structure control
Cu6Sn5~I-structure control
core/SnO2~I-structure control
shell~I-structure control
had~I-structure control
formed.~I-structure control
The~O
Cu6Sn5~O
NP/CB~O
material~O
exhibited~O
a~O
faradaic~O
efficiency~O
of~O
65.~O

It~O
was~O
demonstrated~O
that~O
the~B-structure control
selectivity~I-structure control
for~I-structure control
C2H5OH~I-structure control
or~I-structure control
C3H7OH~I-structure control
could~I-structure control
be~I-structure control
tuned~I-structure control
by~I-structure control
introducing~I-structure control
N-doped~I-structure control
porous~I-structure control
carbon~I-structure control
materials~I-structure control
as~I-structure control
cocatalysts~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
different~I-structure control
pyridinic~I-structure control
N~I-structure control
contents~I-structure control
which~O
could~O
in~O
situ~O
produce~O
a~O
reactive~O
CO~O
intermediate~O
from~O
CO2.~O

Herein~O
new~O
hierarchical~O
0D/2D~B-composite
heterostructures~I-composite
of~I-composite
SnO2~I-composite
nanoparticles~I-composite
NPs~I-composite
confined~I-composite
on~I-composite
CuS~I-composite
nanosheets~I-composite
NSs~I-composite
were~O
designed~O
to~O
enable~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
to~O
a~O
wide-range~O
syngas~O
CO/H-2:~O
0.~O

In~O
this~O
study~O
an~B-surface modification
organic~I-surface modification
additive~I-surface modification
containing~I-surface modification
an~I-surface modification
-NH2~I-surface modification
group~I-surface modification
methyl~I-surface modification
carbamate~I-surface modification
MC~I-surface modification
was~I-surface modification
incorporated~I-surface modification
into~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
ERC~I-surface modification
electrolyte~I-surface modification
for~O
the~O
first~O
time.~O

Herein~O
Cu-II/adeninato/carboxylato~B-atomic level dispersion
metal-biomolecule~O
frameworks~O
Cu-II/ade-MOFs~O
are~O
employed~O
for~O
efficient~O
CO2~O
electro-conversion~O
towards~O
hydrocarbon~O
generation.~O

Density~O
functional~O
theory~O
calculations~O
reveal~O
that~O
the~B-defect
misfit~I-defect
dislocation~I-defect
sites~I-defect
in~I-defect
the~I-defect
electrocatalyst~I-defect
break~I-defect
the~I-defect
inherent~I-defect
scaling~I-defect
relationship~I-defect
of~I-defect
CRR~I-defect
intermediates'~I-defect
adsorption~I-defect
energies~I-defect
with~I-defect
an~I-defect
extraordinarily~I-defect
strong~I-defect
adsorption~I-defect
of~I-defect
*COOH~I-defect
and~I-defect
consequently~I-defect
promote~I-defect
excellent~I-defect
activity~I-defect
of~I-defect
the~I-defect
catalyst~I-defect
toward~I-defect
CRR.~I-defect
Driven~O
by~O
a~O
commercial~O
solar~O
cell~O
working~O
voltage~O
of~O
2.~O

Herein~O
a~O
facile~O
oxidative~O
etching~O
of~O
the~O
Au20Cu80~O
alloy~O
was~O
developed~O
for~O
the~O
synthesis~O
of~O
a~O
monolithic~O
nanoporous~O
core-shell~O
structured~O
AuCu3@Au~B-alloy
electrode~O
which~O
showed~O
a~O
faradaic~O
efficiency~O
FE~O
of~O
97.~O

Herein~O
we~O
report~O
a~O
simple~O
strategy~O
for~O
the~O
preparation~O
of~O
heterostructured~B-structure control
intermetallic~I-structure control
CuSn~I-structure control
electrocatalysts~I-structure control
Cu3Sn/Cu6Sn5~I-structure control
supported~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
porous~I-structure control
copper~I-structure control
foam~I-structure control
through~O
an~O
electrodeposition-calcination~O
process.~O

Understanding~O
three-dimensionally~B-structure control
interconnected~I-structure control
porous~I-structure control
oxide-derived~O
copper~O
electrocatalyst~O
for~O
selective~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
reduction~O
In~O
this~O
work~O
we~O
have~O
investigated~O
a~O
hierarchical~O
CuO-derived~O
inverse~O
opal~O
CuO-IO~O
catalyst~O
with~O
high~O
CO~O
selectivity~O
up~O
to~O
80-90%~O
and~O
minimal~O
H-2~O
evolution~O
at~O
moderate~O
potentials~O
for~O
CO2~O
electroreduction.~O

The~B-composite
enhanced~I-composite
faradaic~I-composite
efficiency~I-composite
for~I-composite
formate~I-composite
is~I-composite
attributed~I-composite
to~I-composite
the~I-composite
synergistic~I-composite
effect~I-composite
between~I-composite
Ni~I-composite
and~I-composite
Cu2O~I-composite
due~I-composite
to~I-composite
maximized~I-composite
amounts~I-composite
of~I-composite
exposed~I-composite
bimetallic~I-composite
sites~I-composite
that~I-composite
facilitate~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
reduction.~I-composite
The~O
electrocatalyst~O
also~O
produces~O
similar~O
to~O
9~O
times~O
more~O
current~O
density~O
than~O
previous~O
studies~O
using~O
Ni-Cu2O~O
electrocatalysts~O
for~O
the~O
OER.~O

The~O
improved~O
performance~O
is~O
proposed~O
to~O
be~O
related~O
to~O
the~O
presence~O
of~O
Cu~B-structure control
mixed~I-structure control
state~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
retention~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
morphology~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
electrosprayed~I-structure control
catalyst~I-structure control
on~O
the~O
carbon~O
paper~O
showing~O
the~O
importance~O
of~O
the~O
substrate.~O

By~O
combining~O
Synchrotron~O
based~O
X-ray~O
absorption~O
andin~O
situRaman~O
spectroscopy~O
studies~O
we~O
found~O
that~O
there~O
is~O
a~O
negative~O
correlation~O
between~O
the~O
Cu~O
content~O
in~O
NiCu~B-alloy
x~I-alloy
and~O
CO~O
selectivity~O
due~O
to~O
redistribution~O
of~O
the~O
3d~O
electrons.~O

Here~O
we~O
report~O
highly~B-structure control
dense~I-structure control
copper~I-structure control
nanoplate~I-structure control
catalysts~O
that~O
are~O
highly~O
selective~O
towards~O
C2~O
product~O
formation~O
C~O
2~O
H~O
4~O
and~O
C2H6~O
with~O
an~O
average~O
partial~O
current~O
density~O
of~O
-9.~O

Electrochemical~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
over~O
nanoparticles~O
derived~O
from~O
an~O
oxidized~O
Cu-Ni~O
intermetallic~O
alloy~O
Oxide-derived~O
Cu-Ni~O
3-32~O
at%-Ni~O
alloy~B-alloy
nanoparticles~O
with~O
a~O
size~O
of~O
10~O
nm~O
enhance~O
selectivity~O
for~O
ethylene~O
and~O
ethanol~O
formation~O
over~O
oxide-derived~O
Cu~O
nanoparticles~O
by~O
electrochemical~O
CO2~O
reduction.~O

RHE~O
due~O
to~O
its~B-structure control
higher~I-structure control
BET~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
area~I-structure control
CO2~I-structure control
uptake~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
larger~I-structure control
pore~I-structure control
diameter.~I-structure control
It~O
is~O
interesting~O
that~O
PCN-224~O
Cu~O
/C~O
displays~O
better~O
performance~O
in~O
the~O
range~O
of~O
-0.~O

A~O
strategy~O
to~O
control~O
the~O
grain~B-structure control
boundary~I-structure control
density~I-structure control
and~O
Cu+/Cu-0~O
ratio~O
of~O
Cu-based~O
catalysts~O
for~O
efficient~O
electroreduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
C2~O
products~O
Cu~O
OH~O
2~O
/CuO~O
nanocomposite-derived~O
Cu2O/Cu~O
was~O
highly~O
efficient~O
for~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
to~O
C2~O
products.~O

Selectiven-propanol~O
formation~O
from~O
CO~O
2~O
over~O
degradation-resistant~O
activated~O
PdCu~O
alloy~B-alloy
foam~O
electrocatalysts~O
We~O
present~O
a~O
novel~O
foam-type~O
high~O
surface~O
area~O
electrocatalyst~O
for~O
the~O
CO~O
2~O
reduction~O
reaction~O
CO2RR~O
that~O
is~O
not~O
only~O
highly~O
selective~O
towardn-propanol~O
PrOH~O
formation~O
FEPrOH=~O
13.~O

Boron-doped~O
CuO~O
nanobundles~B-structure control
for~O
electroreduction~O
of~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
to~O
ethylene~O
Novel~O
boron-doped~O
CuO~O
nanobundles~O
are~O
designed~O
for~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
to~O
the~O
single~O
multi-carbon~O
product~O
of~O
ethylene~O
and~O
their~O
faradaic~O
efficiency~O
can~O
reach~O
58.~O

It~B-structure control
was~I-structure control
demonstrated~I-structure control
that~I-structure control
Cu-Cu~I-structure control
CN~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
Cu-O~I-structure control
CN~I-structure control
which~I-structure control
could~I-structure control
be~I-structure control
tuned~I-structure control
by~I-structure control
changing~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
crystal~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
size~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Cu2O~I-structure control
influenced~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
current~I-structure control
density~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
faradaic~I-structure control
efficiency~I-structure control
FE~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
C~I-structure control
2~I-structure control
H~I-structure control
4~I-structure control
significantly.~I-structure control
At~O
suitable~O
CNs~O
the~O
FE~O
of~O
C~O
2~O
H~O
4~O
could~O
reach~O
50.~O

Here~O
we~O
report~O
the~O
stabilization~B-structure control
of~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
+~I-structure control
within~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
CuO-CeO~I-structure control
2~I-structure control
interface~I-structure control
for~O
efficient~O
and~O
selective~O
electrocatalytic~O
CO~O
2~O
reduction~O
to~O
ethylene~O
under~O
ambient~O
conditions.~O

Detailed~O
studies~O
suggest~O
that~O
the~O
enhanced~O
performance~O
of~O
Cu-Pd/CP~O
was~O
attributed~O
mainly~O
to~O
the~O
synergistic~O
effect~O
low~O
interfacial~O
charge~O
transfer~O
resistance~O
and~O
the~O
3D~B-structure control
architecture~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
catalysts.~I-structure control

Benefiting~B-defect
from~I-defect
the~I-defect
defects~I-defect
and~I-defect
rough~I-defect
surface~I-defect
this~I-defect
electrode~I-defect
exhibited~I-defect
a~I-defect
high~I-defect
selectivity~I-defect
for~I-defect
C~I-defect
2~I-defect
H~I-defect
4~I-defect
production~I-defect
with~O
a~O
faradaic~O
efficiency~O
FE~O
of~O
31.~O

A~O
facile~O
and~O
green~O
galvanic~O
displacement~O
technique~O
was~O
developed~O
to~O
incorporate~B-surface modification
Cu~I-surface modification
onto~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
surface~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
nanoporous~I-surface modification
gold-zinc~I-surface modification
NPAuZn~I-surface modification
electrode.~I-surface modification

Here~O
a~O
hydrophobic~O
electrode~O
surface~O
was~O
constructed~O
by~O
modifying~B-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
CuO~I-surface modification
nanowire~I-surface modification
electrode~I-surface modification
with~I-surface modification
a~I-surface modification
thick~I-surface modification
Nafion~I-surface modification
overlayer~I-surface modification
which~O
exhibited~O
enhanced~O
selectivity~O
toward~O
the~O
CO2~O
RR~O
especially~O
for~O
CO~O
and~O
suppressed~O
HER~O
activity.~O

Here~O
we~O
colloidally~O
synthesized~O
metallic~B-structure control
copper~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
silver~I-structure control
Ag~I-structure control
nanoparticles~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
narrow~I-structure control
size~I-structure control
distribution~I-structure control
<10%~I-structure control
and~O
utilized~O
them~O
in~O
electrochemical~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
reactions.~O

It~O
is~O
found~O
that~O
Ag/Cu~B-composite
composite~I-composite
structures~I-composite
are~O
more~O
active~O
for~O
the~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
C2H4~O
compared~O
to~O
those~O
of~O
Zn~O
modified.~O

The~B-composite
architecture~I-composite
shows~I-composite
tandem~I-composite
catalysis~I-composite
mechanisms~I-composite
in~I-composite
which~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
reduction~I-composite
on~I-composite
Au~I-composite
yolks~I-composite
produces~I-composite
CO~I-composite
filling~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
nanocavities~I-composite
where~I-composite
a~I-composite
sufficiently~I-composite
high~I-composite
CO~I-composite
concentration~I-composite
due~I-composite
to~I-composite
the~I-composite
confinement~I-composite
effect~I-composite
promotes~I-composite
ethanol~I-composite
formation~I-composite
and~O
then~O
results~O
in~O
an~O
ethanol~O
faradaic~O
efficiency~O
of~O
52.~O

Electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
ethylene~O
on~O
Cu/CuxO-GO~O
composites~O
in~O
aqueous~O
solution~O
Here~O
we~O
present~O
fabrication~O
of~O
Graphene~B-composite
oxide~I-composite
GO~I-composite
supported~I-composite
Cu/CuxO~I-composite
nano-electrodeposits~I-composite
which~O
can~O
efficiently~O
and~O
selectively~O
electroreduce~O
CO2~O
into~O
ethylene~O
with~O
a~O
faradaic~O
efficiency~O
F.~O

A~O
bioinspired~O
molybdenum-copper~O
molecular~B-atomic level dispersion
catalyst~I-atomic level dispersion
for~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
Non-noble~O
metal~O
molecular~O
catalysts~O
mediating~O
the~O
electrocatalytic~O
reduction~O
of~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
are~O
still~O
scarce.~O

Such~B-structure control
high~I-structure control
selective~I-structure control
C~I-structure control
2~I-structure control
production~I-structure control
is~I-structure control
found~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
mainly~I-structure control
originate~I-structure control
from~I-structure control
CO~I-structure control
intermediate~I-structure control
enrichment~I-structure control
inside~I-structure control
hierarchical~I-structure control
pores~I-structure control
rather~O
than~O
the~O
surface~O
lattice~O
effect~O
of~O
the~O
Cu~O
electrode.~O

Herein~O
we~O
introduced~O
a~O
novel~O
three-dimensional~B-structure control
electrode~I-structure control
composed~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
mesoporous~I-structure control
carbon-embedded~I-structure control
copper~I-structure control
nanoparticles~I-structure control
that~O
are~O
capable~O
of~O
selectively~O
producing~O
formic~O
acid~O
and~O
short-chain~O
hydrocarbons~O
at~O
low~O
overpotentials.~O

DFT~O
calculations~O
suggest~O
that~O
the~B-composite
lowered~I-composite
overpotential~I-composite
originates~I-composite
from~I-composite
the~I-composite
decreased~I-composite
CO~I-composite
dimerization~I-composite
energy~I-composite
barrier~I-composite
due~I-composite
to~I-composite
the~I-composite
doped~I-composite
N~I-composite
triggering~I-composite
CO~I-composite
production~I-composite
around~I-composite
the~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
particles.~I-composite
Doi:10.~O

In~O
this~O
work~O
metal-organic~O
framework~O
MOF~O
derived~O
porous~B-structure control
cupric~I-structure control
oxide~I-structure control
nanowires~I-structure control
are~O
prepared~O
by~O
a~O
controllable~O
annealing~O
method~O
for~O
the~O
efficient~O
CO~O
2~O
reduction.~O

The~B-composite
enhancements~I-composite
in~I-composite
selectivity~I-composite
and~I-composite
activity~I-composite
are~I-composite
attributed~I-composite
to~I-composite
the~I-composite
synergistic~I-composite
effects~I-composite
between~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
sites~I-composite
and~I-composite
N~I-composite
doping~I-composite
simultaneously~I-composite
improving~I-composite
CO~I-composite
2~I-composite
adsorption~I-composite
and~I-composite
the~I-composite
interfacial~I-composite
charge~I-composite
transfer~I-composite
process.~I-composite
Additionally~O
N~O
doping~O
restrains~O
hydrogen~O
evolution~O
on~O
the~O
copper~O
sites~O
leaving~O
more~O
available~O
sites~O
for~O
CO~O
2~O
reduction.~O

As~O
a~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
catalyst~O
the~O
hierarchically~B-structure control
nanoporous~I-structure control
copper~I-structure control
integrated~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
vanadium~I-structure control
oxide~I-structure control
can~O
achieve~O
a~O
30.~O

Operando~O
evidence~O
of~O
Cu+~B-surface modification
stabilization~I-surface modification
via~I-surface modification
a~I-surface modification
single-atom~I-surface modification
modifier~I-surface modification
for~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
Oxide-derived~O
Cu~O
materials~O
are~O
most~O
commonly~O
used~O
as~O
electrocatalysts~O
for~O
the~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
reduction~O
reaction~O
CO2RR~O
.~O

Selective~O
electroreduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
carbon-rich~O
products~O
with~O
a~O
simple~O
binary~O
copper~O
selenide~O
electrocatalyst~O
In~O
this~O
article~O
solvothermally~O
synthesized~O
copper~B-structure control
selenide~I-structure control
nanostructures~I-structure control
have~O
been~O
reported~O
as~O
highly~O
efficient~O
electrocatalysts~O
for~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
reduction~O
under~O
ambient~O
conditions~O
with~O
high~O
selectivity~O
for~O
carbon-rich~O
C2~O
products~O
at~O
a~O
low~O
applied~O
potential.~O

Reconstructing~O
two-dimensional~O
defects~B-defect
in~O
CuO~O
nanowires~O
for~O
efficient~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
to~O
ethylene~O
Here~O
we~O
report~O
that~O
in~O
situ~O
reconstructed~O
Cu~O
two-dimensional~O
2D~O
defects~O
in~O
CuO~O
nanowires~O
during~O
CO2RR~O
lead~O
to~O
significantly~O
enhanced~O
activity~O
and~O
selectivity~O
of~O
C2H4~O
compared~O
to~O
the~O
CuO~O
nanoplatelets.~O

Key~O
to~O
C-2~O
production:~O
selective~O
C-C~O
coupling~O
for~O
electrochemical~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
on~O
copper~O
alloy~B-alloy
surfaces~O
The~O
C-C~O
coupling~O
kinetic~O
variations~O
are~O
observed~O
on~O
Cu~O
alloys~O
with~O
Pt~O
Pd~O
or~O
Au~O
surface~O
sites.~O

Cu~B-composite
111~I-composite
nanoparticles~I-composite
with~I-composite
an~I-composite
average~I-composite
size~I-composite
of~I-composite
5.5~I-composite
+/-~I-composite
0.9~I-composite
nm~I-composite
were~I-composite
anchored~I-composite
on~I-composite
a~I-composite
conductive~I-composite
Cu-based~I-composite
metal-organic~I-composite
framework~I-composite
Cu-THQ~I-composite
by~O
in~O
situ~O
electrochemical~O
synthesis.~O

Repeated~B-structure control
redox~I-structure control
reaction~I-structure control
generated~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
evolutionary~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
PANi/CuBi2O4~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
Cu0+~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
Bi0+~I-structure control
crossed.~I-structure control
Owing~O
to~O
the~O
high~O
priority~O
of~O
the~O
adsorbed~O
O-terminal~O
on~O
the~O
introduced~O
Bi~O
which~O
is~O
located~O
on~O
the~O
Cu~O
surface~O
the~O
CO2RR~O
pathway~O
for~O
ethylene~O
is~O
suppressed~O
after~O
C-C~O
coupling~O
making~O
PANi/CuBi2O4~O
more~O
likely~O
to~O
produce~O
ethanol.~O

On~O
the~O
Cu90In10/C~O
catalyst~O
In~B-surface modification
was~I-surface modification
found~I-surface modification
to~I-surface modification
be~I-surface modification
locally~I-surface modification
distributed~I-surface modification
on~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
surface~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
Cu~I-surface modification
nanoparticles~I-surface modification
forming~O
Cu4In~O
changing~O
the~O
geometric~O
and~O
electronic~O
structures~O
of~O
the~O
Cu~O
surface.~O

In~O
this~O
work~O
cuprous~B-composite
oxide~I-composite
Cu2O~I-composite
was~I-composite
supported~I-composite
on~I-composite
N-doped~I-composite
flexible~I-composite
roughed~I-composite
graphite~I-composite
paper~I-composite
NGP~I-composite
to~O
fabricate~O
Cu2O/NGP~O
self-supporting~O
electrocatalysts~O
for~O
CO~O
2~O
RRs~O
by~O
electrodeposition~O
and~O
heat~O
treatment.~O

CuZn~O
alloy~B-alloy
with~O
intimate~O
contact~O
between~O
Cu~O
and~O
Zn~O
exhibits~O
the~O
highest~O
improvement~O
5-fold~O
in~O
Faradaic~O
efficiency~O
for~O
the~O
C-2~O
products~O
at~O
-1~O
V-RHE~O
compared~O
to~O
the~O
Cu~O
counterpart~O
far~O
outperforming~O
the~O
catalyst~O
with~O
segregated~O
Cu~O
and~O
Zn~O
phases.~O

The~O
highly~O
selective~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
acetate~O
without~O
any~O
detectable~O
gas~O
products~O
besides~O
H-2~O
is~O
enabled~O
by~O
the~B-atomic level dispersion
unique~I-atomic level dispersion
co-coordination~I-atomic level dispersion
of~I-atomic level dispersion
pyridinic~I-atomic level dispersion
N~I-atomic level dispersion
and~I-atomic level dispersion
C-O~I-atomic level dispersion
with~I-atomic level dispersion
copper~I-atomic level dispersion
whose~O
chemical~O
state~O
is~O
between~O
+1~O
and~O
+2~O
and~O
the~O
porous~O
3D~O
core~O
that~O
is~O
kinetically~O
favorable~O
for~O
the~O
acetate~O
product.~O

Constructing~O
single~B-atomic level dispersion
Cu-N-3~I-atomic level dispersion
sites~I-atomic level dispersion
for~O
CO2~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
over~O
a~O
wide~O
potential~O
range~O
A~O
Cu-N-doped~O
carbon~O
nanotube~O
with~O
an~O
unsaturated~O
coordination~O
Cu~O
atom~O
Cu-N-3~O
was~O
fabricated~O
and~O
it~O
exhibited~O
over~O
90%~O
CO~O
faradaic~O
efficiency~O
FE~O
in~O
a~O
wide~O
potential~O
range~O
from~O
-0.~O

Herein~O
silk~B-composite
fibroin-derived~I-composite
carbon~I-composite
aerogels~I-composite
CAs~I-composite
loaded~I-composite
with~I-composite
small~I-composite
amounts~I-composite
of~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
and~I-composite
Ag~I-composite
nanoparticles~I-composite
were~O
synthesized.~O

Theoretical~O
simulations~O
show~O
that~O
the~B-composite
improved~I-composite
CO2RR~I-composite
performance~I-composite
stems~I-composite
from~I-composite
the~I-composite
Cu1.96S/Cu~I-composite
tandem~I-composite
structure~I-composite
in~O
which~O
Cu~O
acts~O
as~O
a~O
*CO-producing~O
site~O
and~O
the~O
neighboring~O
Cu1.~O

Herein~O
Cu-decorated~O
Bi/Bi2O3~O
nanofoam~O
P-Cu-BiNF~O
with~O
a~B-structure control
3D~I-structure control
porous~I-structure control
network~I-structure control
structure~I-structure control
was~O
prepared~O
for~O
the~O
first~O
time~O
via~O
a~O
simple~O
fast-reduction~O
method.~O

In~O
this~O
paper~O
three~B-structure control
supports~I-structure control
named~I-structure control
dense~I-structure control
TiO2~I-structure control
TiO2~I-structure control
nanotube~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
TiO2~I-structure control
nanofiber~I-structure control
were~I-structure control
applied~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
synthesize~I-structure control
CuO/TiO2~I-structure control
electrodes~I-structure control
by~O
thermal~O
decomposition~O
and~O
the~O
performances~O
of~O
the~O
electrocatalysts~O
were~O
studied.~O

Beginning~O
with~O
Cu2-xS~B-structure control
nanosheets~I-structure control
C-nano-0~I-structure control
100~I-structure control
nm~I-structure control
lateral~I-structure control
dimension~I-structure control
14~I-structure control
nm~I-structure control
thick~I-structure control
varying~O
the~O
Ag+~O
concentration~O
in~O
the~O
exchange~O
solution~O
produces~O
a~O
gradual~O
change~O
in~O
crystal~O
structure~O
from~O
Cu7S4~O
to~O
Ag2S~O
as~O
the~O
Ag/Cu~O
mass~O
ratio~O
varies~O
from~O
0.~O

In~O
this~O
work~O
a~O
nanoporous~B-structure control
hollow~I-structure control
Au/CuO-CuO~O
tandem~O
catalyst~O
was~O
used~O
for~O
catalyzing~O
the~O
eCO~O
2~O
RR~O
which~O
exhibited~O
a~O
C-2~O
product~O
FE~O
of~O
52.~O

It~O
was~O
also~O
found~O
that~O
abundant~B-structure control
interfaces~I-structure control
can~I-structure control
be~I-structure control
produced~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
OD-Cu~I-structure control
which~O
can~O
provide~O
heterogeneous~O
CO~O
adsorption~O
sites~O
strong~O
binding~O
sites~O
and~O
weak~O
binding~O
sites~O
leading~O
to~O
outstanding~O
performance~O
for~O
obtaining~O
C2+~O
products.~O

Thus~O
the~B-composite
selectivity~I-composite
and~I-composite
activity~I-composite
for~I-composite
C2+~I-composite
products~I-composite
over~I-composite
CeO2/CuO~I-composite
can~I-composite
be~I-composite
improved~I-composite
simultaneously.~I-composite
Doi:10.~O

Density~O
functional~O
theory~O
explains~O
that~O
the~B-composite
combination~I-composite
of~I-composite
electronic~I-composite
and~I-composite
tandem~I-composite
effects~I-composite
accounts~I-composite
for~I-composite
such~I-composite
selectivity.~I-composite
These~O
findings~O
mark~O
a~O
step~O
ahead~O
towards~O
understanding~O
structure-property~O
relationships~O
in~O
bimetallic~O
catalysts~O
for~O
the~O
CO2RR~O
and~O
their~O
rational~O
tuning~O
to~O
increase~O
selectivity~O
towards~O
target~O
products~O
especially~O
alcohols.~O

Unravelling~O
the~O
chemistry~O
of~O
catalyst~O
surfaces~O
and~O
solvents~O
towards~O
C-C~O
bond~O
formation~O
through~O
activation~O
and~O
electrochemical~O
conversion~O
of~O
CO2~O
into~O
hydrocarbons~O
over~O
micro-structured~B-structure control
dendritic~I-structure control
copper~O
Herein~O
we~O
report~O
the~O
results~O
from~O
our~O
study~O
towards~O
understanding~O
the~O
role~O
of~O
electrocatalyst~O
surfaces~O
and~O
solvents~O
aqueous~O
versus~O
wet~O
organic~O
media~O
in~O
C-C~O
bond~O
formation~O
on~O
microstructured~O
spheres~O
polygons~O
aggregates~O
and~O
dendrites~O
of~O
copper~O
which~O
is~O
a~O
crucial~O
aspect~O
for~O
the~O
selective~O
and~O
sustainable~O
conversion~O
of~O
CO2~O
into~O
high~O
energy~O
density~O
hydrocarbons~O
like~O
ethylene.~O

The~O
increased~O
C2+~O
selectivity~O
of~O
>50%~O
faradaic~O
efficiency~O
revealed~O
that~O
the~B-structure control
existing~I-structure control
grain~I-structure control
boundaries~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
clusters~I-structure control
promoted~I-structure control
CO~I-structure control
dimerization~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
produce~I-structure control
C2+~I-structure control
materials.~I-structure control

Well-defined~O
Fe-Cu~B-atomic level dispersion
diatomic~I-atomic level dispersion
sites~I-atomic level dispersion
for~O
efficient~O
catalysis~O
of~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
The~O
diatomic~O
catalysts~O
DACs~O
provide~O
a~O
new~O
strategy~O
for~O
efficient~O
catalysis~O
of~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
reaction~O
CO2RR~O
owing~O
to~O
their~O
maximum~O
atomic~O
utility~O
and~O
more~O
flexible~O
active~O
sites.~O

Mechanism~O
studies~O
reveal~O
that~O
the~B-defect
effective~I-defect
charge~I-defect
transfer~I-defect
from~I-defect
Cu~I-defect
to~I-defect
P~I-defect
on~I-defect
the~I-defect
partial~I-defect
phosphorus~I-defect
vacancy~I-defect
surface~I-defect
makes~O
Cu3P~O
nanostructures~O
exhibit~O
remarkable~O
activity~O
and~O
selectivity~O
for~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
by~O
a~O
diatomic~O
activating~O
bimolecular~O
mechanism.~O

DFT~O
calculations~O
reveal~O
that~O
the~B-defect
doping~I-defect
of~I-defect
antimony~I-defect
achieves~I-defect
the~I-defect
distinct~I-defect
activation~I-defect
of~I-defect
CO2~I-defect
and~I-defect
suppression~I-defect
of~I-defect
hydrogen~I-defect
evolution.~I-defect

Facile~O
electrochemical~O
synthesis~O
of~O
dilute~O
AuCu~O
alloy~B-alloy
nanostructures~O
for~O
selective~O
and~O
long-term~O
stable~O
CO2~O
electrolysis~O
Electrochemical~O
CO~O
production~O
from~O
CO2~O
electrolysis~O
has~O
been~O
considered~O
the~O
most~O
economically~O
viable~O
approach~O
among~O
various~O
candidate~O
products.~O

Polymer-supported~O
CuPd~O
nanoalloy~B-alloy
as~O
a~O
synergistic~O
catalyst~O
for~O
electrocatalytic~O
reduction~O
of~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
to~O
methane~O
Developing~O
sustainable~O
energy~O
strategies~O
based~O
on~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
is~O
an~O
increasingly~O
important~O
issue~O
given~O
the~O
world's~O
continued~O
reliance~O
on~O
hydrocarbon~O
fuels~O
and~O
the~O
rise~O
in~O
CO2~O
concentrations~O
in~O
the~O
atmosphere.~O

Here~O
we~O
show~O
that~O
an~B-structure control
ensemble~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
nanoparticles~I-structure control
NPs~I-structure control
enables~O
selective~O
formation~O
of~O
C-2-C-3~O
products~O
at~O
low~O
overpotentials.~O

In~O
this~O
study~O
we~O
demonstrate~O
facile~O
ultrasonication-facilitated~O
synthesis~O
of~O
two-dimensional~O
copper~B-atomic level dispersion
terephthalate~I-atomic level dispersion
for~O
efficient~O
ECR.~O

The~O
enhancement~O
of~O
catalytic~O
performance~O
is~O
attributed~O
to~O
the~O
growth~O
of~O
the~O
number~O
of~O
active~O
sites~O
and~O
the~B-surface modification
change~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
oxidation~I-surface modification
states~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
Cu~I-surface modification
and~I-surface modification
NF~I-surface modification
due~I-surface modification
to~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
presence~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
lignin.~I-surface modification

ethylene~O
and~O
methane~O
at~O
copper~O
nanoparticulated-based~O
surfaces~O
paying~O
attention~O
to~O
particle~B-structure control
size~I-structure control
influence~I-structure control
ranging~I-structure control
from~I-structure control
25-80~I-structure control
nm~I-structure control
on~O
reaction~O
productivity~O
selectivity~O
and~O
Faraday~O
efficiency~O
FE~O
for~O
CO2~O
conversion.~O

Here~O
we~O
report~O
a~O
Cu/pyrenyl-graphdiyne~B-composite
Pyr-GDY~I-composite
composite~I-composite
catalyst~I-composite
in~O
which~O
Cu2O~O
and~O
CuO~O
NPs~O
were~O
in-situ~O
formed~O
and~O
embedded~O
in~O
the~O
matrix~O
of~O
a~O
two-dimensional~O
2D~O
Pyr-GDY~O
during~O
the~O
synthesis~O
of~O
2D~O
Pyr-GDY~O
using~O
monolayer~O
graphene~O
covered~O
Cu~O
foil~O
as~O
a~O
template~O
and~O
copper~O
acetate~O
as~O
a~O
coupling~O
catalyst.~O

With~B-structure control
the~I-structure control
presence~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
atomically~I-structure control
thick~I-structure control
ultrastable~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
nanosheets~I-structure control
the~O
hybrid~O
Cu/Ni~O
OH~O
2~O
nanosheets~O
display~O
both~O
excellent~O
activity~O
and~O
selectivity~O
in~O
the~O
electroreduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
CO.~O

Here~O
we~O
report~O
that~O
a~O
copper~O
electrocatalyst~O
at~O
an~B-surface modification
abrupt~I-surface modification
reaction~I-surface modification
interface~I-surface modification
in~O
an~O
alkaline~O
electrolyte~O
reduces~O
CO2~O
to~O
ethylene~O
with~O
70%~O
faradaic~O
efficiency~O
at~O
a~O
potential~O
of~O
-0.~O

Pulsed~O
electroreduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
on~O
Cu-Ag~O
alloy~B-alloy
electrodes~O
Highly~O
selective~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
C-2~O
compounds~O
such~O
as~O
CH3CHO~O
C2H5OH~O
and~O
C2H4~O
has~O
been~O
achieved~O
on~O
CuAg~O
alloy~O
electrodes~O
by~O
pulsed~O
electroreduction.~O

It~O
was~O
found~O
that~O
the~B-structure control
selectivity~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
reversibility~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
reactivity~I-structure control
for~I-structure control
CO~I-structure control
or~I-structure control
HCOOH~I-structure control
production~I-structure control
strongly~I-structure control
depended~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
microcrystalline~I-structure control
phase~I-structure control
rather~I-structure control
than~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
gross~I-structure control
composition~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
alloys.~I-structure control
The~O
crystallites~O
of~O
the~O
intermetallic~O
compounds~O
of~O
Cu5.~O

The~B-structure control
electrode~I-structure control
types~I-structure control
included~I-structure control
anodized~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
foil~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
foil~I-structure control
thermally~I-structure control
oxidized~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
air~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
air-oxidized~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
electrodeposited~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
anodized~I-structure control
or~I-structure control
air-oxidized~I-structure control
Ti~I-structure control
foil.~I-structure control
The~O
highest~O
rates~O
to~O
date~O
1~O
x~O
10~O
-4~O
mol~O
cm-2~O
h-1~O
geometrical~O
area~O
were~O
found~O
using~O
anodized~O
Cu~O
in~O
0.~O

In~O
this~O
work~O
we~B-structure control
examine~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
yield~I-structure control
behavior~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
an~I-structure control
electrodeposited~I-structure control
cuprous~I-structure control
oxide~I-structure control
thin~I-structure control
film~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
explore~I-structure control
relationships~I-structure control
between~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
chemistry~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
reaction~I-structure control
behavior~I-structure control
relative~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
air-oxidized~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
anodized~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
electrodes.~I-structure control

Electrochemical~O
Reduction~O
of~O
Carbon~O
Dioxide~O
Using~O
a~O
Copper~O
Rubeanate~O
Metal~O
Organic~O
Framework~O
We~O
synthesized~O
a~O
copper~O
rubeanate~O
metal~O
organic~O
framework~O
CR-MOF~O
which~O
has~O
the~O
potential~O
to~O
improve~O
the~O
catalytic~O
activity~O
of~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
due~O
to~O
its~O
characteristics~O
of~O
electronic~O
conductivity~O
proton~O
conductivity~O
dispersed~B-atomic level dispersion
reaction~I-atomic level dispersion
sites~I-atomic level dispersion
and~O
nanopores.~O

Electrochemical~O
Reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
at~O
Cu~O
Nanocluster/~B-atomic level dispersion
10~O
1~O
over-bar0~O
ZnO~O
Electrodes~O
The~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
in~O
aqueous~O
bicarbonate~O
electrolytes~O
is~O
studied~O
using~O
Cu~O
nanoclusters~O
on~O
single~O
crystal~O
10~O
1~O
over~O
bar0~O
ZnO~O
electrodes.~O

Electrochemical~O
Reduction~O
of~O
Carbon~O
Dioxide~O
on~O
Zinc-Modified~B-surface modification
Copper~I-surface modification
Electrodes~O
Electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
CO2~O
was~O
performed~O
on~O
zinc-deposited~O
copper~O
Cu/Zn~O
electrodes~O
and~O
the~O
faradaic~O
efficiency~O
of~O
this~O
system~O
toward~O
methane~O
ethane~O
and~O
hydrogen~O
was~O
evaluated.~O

The~O
optimized~O
one~O
namely~O
CuSn~O
30-12C~O
has~O
a~B-structure control
rougher~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
smaller~I-structure control
electron~I-structure control
transport~I-structure control
resistance~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
larger~I-structure control
electrochemical~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
area~I-structure control
than~I-structure control
others~I-structure control
exhibiting~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
best~I-structure control
catalytic~I-structure control
activity~I-structure control
a~O
faster~O
Faraday~O
process~O
and~O
the~O
highest~O
selectivity~O
for~O
the~O
production~O
of~O
HCOO~O
-~O
in~O
ERCO2.~O

In~O
the~O
present~O
work~O
we~O
have~O
put~O
forth~O
a~O
facile~O
approach~O
for~O
the~O
regeneration~O
of~O
aged~O
CuO-Cu2O/In2O3~O
nanocomposite~O
along~O
with~O
a~O
possible~O
mechanism~O
for~O
the~O
regeneration~O
of~O
activity~O
of~O
aged~O
catalysts~O
towards~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
by~O
regaining~O
their~B-defect
oxygen~I-defect
vacancies~I-defect
V-o~I-defect
defects~I-defect
concentration~O
by~O
ultra-violet~O
UV~O
light~O
treatment.~O

By~O
adding~O
proper~O
electrocatalysts~O
such~O
as~O
nanoporous~B-structure control
copper~I-structure control
NPC~O
with~O
an~O
average~O
ligament~O
size~O
of~O
37~O
+/-~O
6~O
nm~O
hydrocarbons~O
could~O
be~O
produced~O
at~O
a~O
relatively~O
low~O
overpotential.~O

XPS~O
results~O
reveal~O
that~O
He~B-surface modification
plasma-jet~I-surface modification
treatment~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
NPC~I-surface modification
film~I-surface modification
can~I-surface modification
change~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
surface~I-surface modification
activity~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
Cu~I-surface modification
in~O
terms~O
of~O
the~O
oxide~O
content~O
and~O
hydrophilic~O
groups.~O

The~O
attractive~O
catalytic~O
properties~O
might~O
be~O
attributed~O
to~O
the~O
synergistic~O
effect~O
of~O
cooper~O
and~O
phosphorus~O
elements~O
as~O
well~O
as~O
the~O
unique~B-structure control
structure~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Cu3P.~I-structure control

Characterization~O
results~O
confirm~O
the~B-structure control
deposition~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
nanoparticles~I-structure control
3-60~I-structure control
nm~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
CNTs.~I-structure control
Linear~O
sweep~O
voltammetry~O
LSV~O
and~O
chronoamperometry~O
CA~O
were~O
used~O
to~O
investigate~O
the~O
activity~O
of~O
the~O
as-prepared~O
catalysts~O
for~O
the~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
carbon~O
dioxide.~O

By~O
comparison~O
such~B-surface modification
electrocatalytical~I-surface modification
enhancement~I-surface modification
is~I-surface modification
attributed~I-surface modification
to~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
metal-oxide~I-surface modification
interface~I-surface modification
in~I-surface modification
Cu2O@Au.~I-surface modification

We~O
investigated~O
the~B-structure control
influence~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
chemical~I-structure control
etchant~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
morphology~I-structure control
as~I-structure control
well~I-structure control
as~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
product~I-structure control
selectivity~I-structure control
by~I-structure control
CO2ERR.~I-structure control

In~O
this~O
report~O
simple~O
electrochemical~O
oxidation-reduction~O
method~O
has~O
been~O
utilized~O
to~O
prepare~O
Cu2O/polyaniline~B-composite
PANI~I-composite
/stainless~I-composite
steel~I-composite
composite~I-composite
electrode~I-composite
which~O
was~O
identified~O
as~O
a~O
contributor~O
for~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
in~O
an~O
aqueous~O
solution.~O

Composite~O
copper~B-composite
oxide-copper~I-composite
bromide~I-composite
films~I-composite
for~O
the~O
selective~O
electroreduction~O
of~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
Composite~O
copper~O
oxide-copper~O
bromide~O
films~O
were~O
electrodeposited~O
on~O
gas~O
diffusion~O
layer~O
GDL~O
supports~O
under~O
controlled~O
potential~O
from~O
aqueous~O
copper~O
salt~O
solutions~O
in~O
the~O
presence~O
of~O
a~O
complexing/surfactant~O
agent~O
such~O
as~O
lactate.~O

The~B-composite
high~I-composite
efficiency~I-composite
towards~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
electroreduction~I-composite
to~I-composite
ethanol~I-composite
may~I-composite
be~I-composite
attributed~I-composite
to~I-composite
the~I-composite
synergistic~I-composite
effect~I-composite
of~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
and~I-composite
TiO2~I-composite
NPs.~I-composite
This~O
work~O
highlights~O
the~O
importance~O
of~O
compositional~O
effect~O
of~O
NPs~O
on~O
their~O
catalytic~O
activities~O
and~O
provides~O
a~O
strategy~O
for~O
designing~O
efficient~O
catalysts~O
for~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
in~O
the~O
future.~O

In~O
this~O
work~O
the~O
activity~O
of~O
an~O
in~O
situ-grown~O
nano-structured~B-structure control
copper~O
catalyst~O
towards~O
a~O
variety~O
of~O
organic~O
functional~O
group~O
conversions~O
was~O
studied.~O

The~O
catalytic~O
activity~O
for~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
strongly~O
depends~O
on~O
the~B-surface modification
CuO~I-surface modification
contents~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
catalysts~I-surface modification
as-prepared~I-surface modification
resulting~I-surface modification
in~I-surface modification
different~I-surface modification
electrochemistry~I-surface modification
surface~I-surface modification
areas.~I-surface modification

The~B-structure control
high~I-structure control
electrochemical~I-structure control
activity~I-structure control
for~I-structure control
ECR~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
C-2~I-structure control
products~I-structure control
was~I-structure control
attributed~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
synergetic~I-structure control
effects~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
ZnO~I-structure control
core~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
Cu2O~I-structure control
shell~I-structure control
which~O
not~O
only~O
enhanced~O
the~O
selectivity~O
of~O
the~O
coordinating~O
electron~O
improved~O
the~O
HER~O
overpotential~O
and~O
fastened~O
the~O
electron~O
transfer~O
but~O
also~O
promoted~O
the~O
multielectron~O
involved~O
kinetics~O
for~O
ethylene~O
and~O
ethanol~O
production.~O

The~O
different~O
catalytic~O
performance~O
between~O
Cu/SnO2~O
and~O
A-Cu/SnO2~O
might~O
be~O
attributed~O
to~O
the~O
different~O
content~O
of~O
Cu~O
atoms~O
in~O
SnO2~O
layer~O
which~O
may~O
affect~O
the~B-surface modification
density~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
Cu-Sn~I-surface modification
interface~I-surface modification
on~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
surface.~I-surface modification

The~B-structure control
materials~I-structure control
prepared~I-structure control
by~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
use~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
different~I-structure control
DES~I-structure control
copper~I-structure control
precursors~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
calcination~I-structure control
times~I-structure control
were~I-structure control
used~I-structure control
as~I-structure control
electrocatalysts~I-structure control
for~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
electrochemical~I-structure control
CO2~I-structure control
reduction.~I-structure control

Optimizing~O
Temperature~O
Treatment~O
of~O
Copper~O
Hollow~O
Fibers~O
for~O
the~O
Electrochemical~O
Reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
CO~O
Copper~O
hollow~B-structure control
fibers~I-structure control
were~O
prepared~O
via~O
dry-wet~O
spinning~O
of~O
a~O
polymer~O
solution~O
of~O
N-methylpyrrolidone~O
Polyetherimide~O
Polyvinyl~O
Pyrolidone~O
and~O
copper~O
particles~O
of~O
sizes~O
in~O
the~O
range~O
of~O
1-2~O
mu~O
m.~O

Copper-Tin~O
Alloys~B-alloy
for~O
the~O
Electrocatalytic~O
Reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
in~O
an~O
Imidazolium-Based~O
Non-Aqueous~O
Electrolyte~O
The~O
ability~O
to~O
synthesize~O
value-added~O
chemicals~O
directly~O
from~O
CO2~O
will~O
be~O
an~O
important~O
technological~O
advancement~O
for~O
future~O
generations.~O

In~O
this~O
work~O
a~O
class~O
of~O
tin~B-surface modification
Sn~I-surface modification
modified~I-surface modification
cuprous~I-surface modification
oxide~I-surface modification
Cu2O~I-surface modification
is~O
simply~O
synthesized~O
through~O
a~O
one-pot~O
microwave-assisted~O
solvothermal~O
method~O
and~O
thoroughly~O
characterized~O
by~O
various~O
techniques.~O

DTAB~O
nanostructured~O
electrodes~O
showed~O
the~O
highest~O
selectivity~O
towards~O
CO~O
production~O
probably~O
attributable~O
to~O
a~O
higher~B-structure control
specific~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
area.~I-structure control

Operando~O
Synthesis~O
of~O
High-Curvature~B-structure control
Copper~O
Thin~O
Films~O
for~O
CO2~O
Electroreduction~O
As~O
the~O
sole~O
metal~O
that~O
could~O
reduce~O
CO2~O
to~O
substantial~O
amounts~O
of~O
hydrocarbons~O
Cu~O
plays~O
an~O
important~O
role~O
in~O
electrochemical~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
despite~O
its~O
low~O
energy~O
efficiency.~O

It~O
can~O
be~O
concluded~O
that~O
in~B-structure control
situ~I-structure control
deposition~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
copper~I-structure control
through~I-structure control
reduction~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
copper~I-structure control
lactate~I-structure control
complexes~I-structure control
present~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
electrolyte~I-structure control
provides~I-structure control
new~I-structure control
stable~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
selective~I-structure control
active~I-structure control
sites~I-structure control
promoting~O
the~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
ethylene.~O

Here~O
we~B-composite
report~I-composite
the~I-composite
cuprous~I-composite
oxide~I-composite
Cu2O~I-composite
nanocubes~I-composite
cooperated~I-composite
with~I-composite
silver~I-composite
Ag~I-composite
nanoparticles~I-composite
via~I-composite
the~I-composite
replacement~I-composite
reaction~I-composite
for~I-composite
a~I-composite
synergetic~I-composite
CO2RR.~I-composite

In~O
this~O
work~O
we~O
report~O
that~O
a~O
sodium~B-atomic level dispersion
pectate~I-atomic level dispersion
complex~I-atomic level dispersion
of~I-atomic level dispersion
copper~I-atomic level dispersion
PG-NaCu~O
proved~O
to~O
be~O
highly~O
active~O
in~O
the~O
electrocatalytic~O
conversion~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
CH4~O
in~O
water.~O

The~O
Cu-Ag~O
nanowires~O
showed~O
enhanced~O
catalytic~O
performance~O
over~O
Cu~O
nanowires~O
for~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
which~B-alloy
could~I-alloy
be~I-alloy
ascribed~I-alloy
to~I-alloy
the~I-alloy
incorporation~I-alloy
of~I-alloy
Ag~I-alloy
into~I-alloy
Cu~I-alloy
nanowires~I-alloy
leading~I-alloy
to~I-alloy
suppression~I-alloy
of~I-alloy
hydrogen~I-alloy
evolution.~I-alloy

All~O
the~O
dendritic~B-structure control
structures~I-structure control
led~O
to~O
high~O
CO~O
production~O
rates~O
while~O
the~O
bulky~O
Zn~O
structure~O
produced~O
formate~O
as~O
the~O
major~O
product~O
with~O
limited~O
amounts~O
of~O
gaseous~O
CO~O
and~O
H-2.~O

The~O
present~O
results~O
show~O
the~B-structure control
possibilities~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
enhance~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
activity~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
control~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
selectivity~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
CO2RR~I-structure control
products~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
nanostructured~I-structure control
Zn~I-structure control
catalysts.~I-structure control

CuZnAl-Oxide~O
Nanopyramidal~B-structure control
Mesoporous~I-structure control
Materials~I-structure control
for~O
the~O
Electrocatalytic~O
CO2~O
Reduction~O
to~O
Syngas:~O
Tuning~O
of~O
H-2/CO~O
Ratio~O
Inspired~O
by~O
the~O
knowledge~O
of~O
the~O
thermocatalytic~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
process~O
novel~O
nanocrystalline~O
CuZnAl-oxide~O
based~O
catalysts~O
with~O
pyramidal~O
mesoporous~O
structures~O
are~O
here~O
proposed~O
for~O
the~O
CO2~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
under~O
ambient~O
conditions.~O

Herein~O
nanostructured~B-structure control
Cu2S~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
Cu-foam~I-structure control
was~O
prepared~O
by~O
electro-deposition~O
method~O
and~O
characterized~O
by~O
means~O
of~O
scanning~O
electron~O
microscope~O
SEM~O
and~O
X-ray~O
diffraction~O
XRD~O
.~O

The~B-composite
performance~I-composite
of~I-composite
Cu2O/ILGS~I-composite
in~I-composite
the~I-composite
catalytic~I-composite
electroreduction~I-composite
of~I-composite
carbon~I-composite
dioxide~I-composite
was~I-composite
attributed~I-composite
to~I-composite
the~I-composite
stabilization~I-composite
of~I-composite
the~I-composite
Cu2O~I-composite
nanoparticles~I-composite
by~I-composite
the~I-composite
nest-like~I-composite
microstructures~I-composite
in~I-composite
the~I-composite
Cu2O/ILGS~I-composite
composite.~I-composite

Herein~O
pre-synthesized~O
Cu-NBDC~O
MOF~O
a~O
Cu-based~O
MOF~O
synthesized~O
by~O
using~O
2-aminoterephthalic~O
acid~O
NBDC~O
as~O
ligand~O
is~O
used~O
as~O
a~O
precursor~O
to~O
anchor~B-structure control
Cu2O/Cu~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
nitrogen~I-structure control
doped~I-structure control
porous~I-structure control
carbon~I-structure control
Cu2O/Cu@NC~O
by~O
annealing~O
at~O
different~O
temperatures.~O

Electrocatalytic~O
CO2~O
Reduction~O
to~O
Ethylene~O
over~O
CeO2-Supported~O
Cu~O
Nanoparticles:~O
Effect~B-structure control
of~I-structure control
Exposed~I-structure control
Facets~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
CeO2~I-structure control
Fossil~O
fuels~O
are~O
expected~O
to~O
be~O
the~O
major~O
source~O
of~O
energy~O
for~O
the~O
next~O
few~O
decades.~O

Electrochemical~O
Reduction~O
of~O
Carbon~O
Dioxide~O
to~O
Formate~O
on~O
Palladium-Copper~O
Alloy~B-alloy
Nanoparticulate~O
Electrode~O
The~O
bimetallic~O
alloy~O
nanoparticle~O
catalysts~O
composed~O
of~O
Pd~O
and~O
Cu~O
were~O
synthesized~O
for~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2.~O

SELECTIVE~O
ETHANOL~O
FORMATION~O
BY~O
ELECTROCHEMICAL~O
REDUCTION~O
OF~O
CARBON-DIOXIDE~O
ON~O
ELECTRODES~O
COMPRISED~B-composite
OF~O
THE~O
MIXTURES~O
OF~O
COPPER~O
AND~O
ZINC-OXIDES~O
~O
Doi:10.~O

One~O
of~O
the~O
concepts~O
type~O
1~O
was~O
examined~O
at~O
Cu-Ni~O
alloys.~B-alloy

The~O
electrode~O
of~O
a~O
Cu-Ag~O
alloy~B-alloy
of~O
nearly~O
2:3~O
atomic~O
ratio~O
gave~O
a~O
higher~O
current~O
efficiency~O
for~O
ethylene~O
and~O
a~O
lower~O
current~O
efficiency~O
for~O
methane~O
than~O
those~O
at~O
a~O
Cu~O
electrode.~O

The~O
nanocatalyst~O
exhibits~O
porous/sponge-like~B-structure control
morphology.~I-structure control

The~B-composite
high~I-composite
surface~I-composite
area~I-composite
and~I-composite
stability~I-composite
of~I-composite
CuO-CNTs~I-composite
allowed~I-composite
dual~I-composite
conduction~I-composite
of~I-composite
electron~I-composite
and~I-composite
intermediate~I-composite
species~I-composite
with~I-composite
high~I-composite
current~I-composite
density~I-composite
at~I-composite
minimum~I-composite
energy~I-composite
supplied.~I-composite
Linear~O
sweep~O
voltammetry~O
and~O
Chronoamperometry~O
were~O
used~O
to~O
measure~O
the~O
electrode's~O
current~O
density~O
and~O
stability~O
respectively~O
and~O
8~O
%~O
CuO-CNT~O
was~O
found~O
most~O
stable~O
and~O
progressive~O
composition~O
to~O
reduce~O
the~O
CO2~O
efficiently.~O

CuO/ZnO~O
Composite~B-composite
Electrocatalyst:~O
Preparation~O
and~O
Reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
Syngas~O
The~O
reduction~O
of~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
CO2~O
to~O
syngas~O
a~O
mixture~O
of~O
CO~O
and~O
H-2~O
can~O
not~O
only~O
realize~O
the~O
carbon~O
cycle~O
and~O
decrease~O
the~O
greenhouse~O
effect~O
but~O
also~O
alleviate~O
the~O
energy~O
crisis.~O

1~O
M~O
KHCO3~O
Copper~O
dendritic~B-structure control
structures~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
low~I-structure control
porosity~I-structure control
were~O
prepared~O
via~O
electrodeposition~O
under~O
acid-free~O
conditions.~O

The~B-composite
improved~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
reduction~I-composite
performance~I-composite
of~I-composite
Cu/VG-Ar~I-composite
originates~I-composite
from~I-composite
the~I-composite
well-dispersed~I-composite
Cu@CuxO~I-composite
nanoparticles~I-composite
deposited~I-composite
on~I-composite
the~I-composite
defective~I-composite
VG-Ar.~I-composite
The~O
intrinsic~O
carbon~O
defects~O
on~O
VG-Ar~O
can~O
suppress~O
the~O
hydrogen~O
evolution~O
reaction~O
as~O
well~O
as~O
tune~O
the~O
interaction~O
between~O
VG~O
and~O
Cu@CuxO~O
thus~O
impeding~O
the~O
excessive~O
oxidation~O
of~O
Cu2O~O
species~O
deposited~O
on~O
VG-Ar.~O

The~B-composite
excellent~I-composite
electrocatalytic~I-composite
performances~I-composite
benefit~I-composite
from~I-composite
the~I-composite
special~I-composite
design~I-composite
of~I-composite
the~I-composite
Au-Cu~I-composite
Janus~I-composite
architectures~I-composite
and~O
their~O
tandem~O
catalysis~O
mechanism~O
as~O
well~O
as~O
the~O
high-index~O
facets~O
on~O
Au~O
nanocrystals.~O

Engineering~O
Silver-Enriched~O
Copper~O
Core-Shell~B-structure control
Electrocatalysts~I-structure control
to~O
Enhance~O
the~O
Production~O
of~O
Ethylene~O
and~O
C2+~O
Chemicals~O
from~O
Carbon~O
Dioxide~O
at~O
Low~O
Cell~O
Potentials~O
Copper~O
catalysts~O
are~O
widely~O
studied~O
for~O
the~O
electroreduction~O
of~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
CO2~O
to~O
value-added~O
hydrocarbon~O
products.~O

Cu/Cu2O~O
Interconnected~O
Porous~B-structure control
Aerogel~I-structure control
Catalyst~I-structure control
for~O
Highly~O
Productive~O
Electrosynthesis~O
of~O
Ethanol~O
from~O
CO2~O
Use~O
of~O
Cu~O
and~O
Cu+~O
is~O
one~O
of~O
the~O
most~O
promising~O
approaches~O
for~O
the~O
production~O
of~O
C-2~O
products~O
by~O
the~O
electrocatalytic~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
reaction~O
CO2RR~O
because~O
it~O
can~O
facilitate~O
CO2~O
activation~O
and~O
C-C~O
dimerization.~O

In~O
this~O
study~O
as~O
a~O
proof-of-concept~O
experiment~O
first~O
a~O
facile~O
while~O
very~O
effective~O
protocol~O
is~O
proposed~O
to~O
synthesize~O
amorphous~B-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
NPs.~I-structure control

Herein~O
a~O
nanoporous~B-structure control
copper~I-structure control
CO2~O
reduction~O
catalyst~O
is~O
synthesized~O
and~O
integrated~O
into~O
a~O
microfluidic~O
CO2~O
flow~O
cell~O
electrolyzer.~O

Herein~O
an~O
excellent~O
catalytic~O
activity~O
of~O
a~O
2D~O
copper~O
Cu~O
-based~O
conductive~O
MOF~O
copper~B-atomic level dispersion
tetrahydroxyquinone~I-atomic level dispersion
Cu-THQ~O
is~O
reported~O
for~O
aqueous~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
reaction~O
CO2RR~O
at~O
low~O
overpotentials.~O

Here~O
a~O
combined~O
structure~O
with~O
Cu+~O
and~O
high-facets~O
as~O
electrocatalysts~O
is~O
constructed~O
by~O
creating~B-structure control
high-facets~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
wrinkled~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
surrounded~I-structure control
by~I-structure control
Cu2O~I-structure control
mesh~I-structure control
patterns.~I-structure control

In~O
this~O
study~O
3D~B-structure control
hierarchical~I-structure control
nanostructures~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Cu-Pb~I-structure control
catalyst~I-structure control
are~O
prepared~O
by~O
a~O
two-step~O
electrodepositing-annealing-electroreduction~O
approach~O
EAE~O
.~O

3D~O
Heterostructured~B-structure control
Copper~O
Electrode~O
for~O
Conversion~O
of~O
Carbon~O
Dioxide~O
to~O
Alcohols~O
at~O
Low~O
Overpotentials~O
Active~O
and~O
cost-effective~O
catalyst~O
materials~O
are~O
required~O
for~O
electrochemical~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
reactions~O
CO2RR~O
which~O
to~O
date~O
are~O
proving~O
elusive.~O

It~O
is~O
shown~O
that~O
the~B-structure control
selectivity~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
activity~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
C2H4~I-structure control
production~I-structure control
depend~I-structure control
strongly~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
crystal~I-structure control
facets~I-structure control
exposed~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
Cu2O~I-structure control
NPs.~I-structure control
The~O
selectivities~O
for~O
the~O
C2H4~O
production~O
increases~O
in~O
the~O
order~O
c-Cu2O~O
<~O
o-Cu2O~O
<~O
t-Cu2O~O
with~O
FEC2H4~O
=~O
38%~O
45%~O
and~O
59%~O
respectively~O
.~O

Selective~O
Electroreduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
toward~O
Ethylene~O
on~O
Nano~O
Dendritic~O
Copper~O
Catalysts~O
at~O
High~O
Current~O
Density~O
In~O
situ~O
deposited~O
copper~B-structure control
nanodendrites~I-structure control
are~O
herein~O
proven~O
to~O
be~O
a~O
highly~O
selective~O
electrocatalyst~O
which~O
is~O
capable~O
of~O
reducing~O
CO2~O
to~O
ethylene~O
by~O
reaching~O
a~O
Faradaic~O
efficiency~O
of~O
57%~O
at~O
a~O
current~O
density~O
of~O
170~O
mA~O
cm~O
-2~O
.~O

The~O
active~O
sites~O
consist~O
of~O
Cu~B-atomic level dispersion
I~I-atomic level dispersion
center~I-atomic level dispersion
in~O
a~O
distorted~O
trigonal~O
bipyramidal~O
geometry~O
which~O
enables~O
the~O
adsorption~O
of~O
CO2~O
with~O
eta~O
1~O
-COO-like~O
configuration~O
to~O
commence~O
the~O
catalysis~O
with~O
a~O
turnover~O
frequency~O
of~O
approximate~O
to~O
45~O
s~O
-1~O
at~O
-1~O
V~O
versus~O
reversible~O
hydrogen~O
electrode.~O

Cu4O3~B-structure control
is~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
member~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
copper-oxide~I-structure control
family~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
possesses~I-structure control
an~I-structure control
intriguing~I-structure control
mixed-valance~I-structure control
nature~I-structure control
incorporating~O
an~O
equal~O
number~O
of~O
Cu+~O
and~O
Cu2+~O
ions~O
in~O
its~O
crystal~O
structure.~O

Theoretical~O
and~O
experimental~O
analyses~O
show~O
that~O
the~B-composite
hybridization~I-composite
of~I-composite
Cu2O/CuO~I-composite
nanowires~I-composite
and~I-composite
Ni~I-composite
nanoparticles~I-composite
can~I-composite
not~I-composite
only~I-composite
adjust~I-composite
the~I-composite
d-band~I-composite
center~I-composite
of~I-composite
electrocatalysts~I-composite
to~I-composite
enhance~I-composite
the~I-composite
intrinsic~I-composite
catalytic~I-composite
activity~I-composite
but~I-composite
also~I-composite
improve~I-composite
the~I-composite
adsorption~I-composite
of~I-composite
COOH*~I-composite
intermediates~I-composite
and~I-composite
suppress~I-composite
the~I-composite
hydrogen~I-composite
evolution~I-composite
reaction~I-composite
to~I-composite
promote~I-composite
the~I-composite
CO~I-composite
conversion~I-composite
efficiency~I-composite
during~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
reduction~I-composite
reaction.~I-composite
An~O
in~O
situ~O
Raman~O
spectroscopic~O
study~O
further~O
confirms~O
the~O
existence~O
of~O
COOH*~O
species~O
and~O
the~O
engineering~O
intermediates~O
adsorption.~O

Here~O
a~O
freestanding~O
gas~O
diffusion~O
electrode~O
design~O
based~O
on~O
Sn-decorated~B-structure control
Cu-coated~I-structure control
electrospun~I-structure control
polyvinylidene~I-structure control
fluoride~I-structure control
nanofibers~I-structure control
is~O
demonstrated.~O

This~O
work~O
demonstrates~O
that~O
the~B-structure control
high~I-structure control
activity~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
selectivity~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
C2+~I-structure control
products~I-structure control
can~I-structure control
be~I-structure control
achieved~I-structure control
by~I-structure control
atomic-scale~I-structure control
spacings~I-structure control
between~I-structure control
two~I-structure control
facets~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
particles.~I-structure control

Density~O
functional~O
theory~O
calculations~O
reveal~O
that~O
the~B-composite
interphase~I-composite
electron~I-composite
transfer~I-composite
from~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
to~I-composite
Ag~I-composite
generates~I-composite
electron-deficient~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
sites~I-composite
and~I-composite
favors~I-composite
the~I-composite
adsorption~I-composite
of~I-composite
CO~I-composite
2~I-composite
reduction~I-composite
intermediates~I-composite
in~I-composite
the~I-composite
alcohol~I-composite
pathway~I-composite
such~I-composite
as~I-composite
CH3CHO*~I-composite
and~I-composite
CH3CH2O*.~I-composite
Thus~O
for~O
this~O
electron-deficient~O
catalyst~O
the~O
C2H5OH~O
pathway~O
is~O
more~O
preferable~O
than~O
the~O
ethylene~O
C2H4~O
pathway~O
endowing~O
the~O
catalyst~O
with~O
an~O
alcohol/ethylene~O
ratio~O
of~O
38:1.~O

Manipulating~O
Cu~O
Nanoparticle~O
Surface~O
Oxidation~O
States~O
Tunes~O
Catalytic~O
Selectivity~O
toward~O
CH4~O
or~O
C2+~O
Products~O
in~O
CO2~O
Electroreduction~O
Herein~O
a~O
facile~O
seed-assisted~O
strategy~O
for~O
preparing~O
Cu~B-surface modification
nanoparticles~I-surface modification
NPs~I-surface modification
with~I-surface modification
polyvinyl~I-surface modification
pyrrolidone~I-surface modification
PVP~I-surface modification
capping~I-surface modification
is~O
presented.~O

Controlled~O
electroreduction~B-structure control
of~I-structure control
CO2~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
nanoribbons~I-structure control
exhibited~I-structure control
clearly~I-structure control
greater~I-structure control
selectivity~I-structure control
towards~I-structure control
C2+~I-structure control
products~I-structure control
than~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
nanoleaves~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
nanorods~I-structure control
without~I-structure control
porous~I-structure control
structures.~I-structure control

A~O
non-noble~O
metal~O
electrocatalyst~O
based~O
on~O
a~O
copper-indium~O
Cu-In~O
alloy~B-alloy
that~O
selectively~O
converts~O
CO2~O
to~O
CO~O
with~O
a~O
low~O
overpotential~O
is~O
reported.~O

Here~O
we~O
report~O
a~O
nanostructured~B-structure control
copper~O
surface~O
that~O
gives~O
high~O
selectivity~O
for~O
ethylene~O
formation~O
from~O
electrocatalytic~O
CO2~O
reduction.~O

Herein~O
we~B-structure control
report~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
chloride~I-structure control
Cl~I-structure control
-induced~I-structure control
bi-phasic~I-structure control
cuprous~I-structure control
oxide~I-structure control
Cu2O~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
metallic~I-structure control
copper~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
electrode~I-structure control
Cu2OCl~I-structure control
as~I-structure control
an~I-structure control
efficient~I-structure control
catalyst~I-structure control
for~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
formation~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
high-carbon~I-structure control
organic~I-structure control
molecules~I-structure control
by~O
CO2~O
conversion~O
and~O
identify~O
the~O
origin~O
of~O
electroselectivity~O
toward~O
the~O
formation~O
of~O
high-carbon~O
organic~O
compounds.~O

Controllable~O
Hydrocarbon~O
Formation~O
from~O
the~O
Electrochemical~O
Reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
over~O
Cu~O
Nanowire~B-structure control
Arrays~I-structure control
In~O
this~O
work~O
the~O
effect~O
of~O
Cu~O
nanowire~O
morphology~O
on~O
the~O
selective~O
electrocatalytic~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
is~O
presented.~O

Among~B-structure control
24nm~I-structure control
44nm~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
63nm~I-structure control
cubes~I-structure control
tested~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
cubes~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
44nm~I-structure control
edge~I-structure control
length~I-structure control
exhibited~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
highest~I-structure control
selectivity~I-structure control
towards~I-structure control
CO2RR~I-structure control
80%~I-structure control
and~O
faradaic~O
efficiency~O
for~O
ethylene~O
41%~O
.~O

Cu~B-structure control
mesopore~I-structure control
electrodes~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
precisely~I-structure control
controlled~I-structure control
pore~I-structure control
widths~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
depths~I-structure control
were~I-structure control
prepared~I-structure control
by~I-structure control
using~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
thermal~I-structure control
deposition~I-structure control
process~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
anodized~I-structure control
aluminum~I-structure control
oxide.~I-structure control
With~O
this~O
simple~O
synthesis~O
method~O
we~O
demonstrated~O
that~O
C-2~O
chemical~O
selectivity~O
can~O
be~O
tuned~O
by~O
systematically~O
altering~O
the~O
morphology.~O

Now~O
a~B-structure control
Pd-Cu~I-structure control
bimetallic~I-structure control
aerogel~I-structure control
electrocatalyst~I-structure control
has~O
been~O
developed~O
for~O
conversion~O
of~O
CO2~O
into~O
CH3OH.~O

The~B-composite
enhanced~I-composite
CO2RR~I-composite
catalysis~I-composite
demonstrated~I-composite
by~I-composite
Au-bipy-Cu~I-composite
originates~I-composite
from~I-composite
its~I-composite
synergistic~I-composite
Au~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
to~I-composite
CO~I-composite
and~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
CO~I-composite
to~I-composite
C-products~I-composite
catalysis~I-composite
which~O
is~O
further~O
promoted~O
by~O
bipy.~O

Mechanistic~B-surface modification
studies~I-surface modification
reveal~I-surface modification
several~I-surface modification
roles~I-surface modification
for~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
organic~I-surface modification
additive~I-surface modification
including:~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
formation~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
cube-like~I-surface modification
nanostructures~I-surface modification
by~I-surface modification
corrosion~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
copper~I-surface modification
surface~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
stabilization~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
these~I-surface modification
nanostructures~I-surface modification
during~I-surface modification
electrocatalysis~I-surface modification
by~I-surface modification
formation~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
a~I-surface modification
protective~I-surface modification
organic~I-surface modification
layer~I-surface modification
and~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
promotion~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
C->=~I-surface modification
2~I-surface modification
products.~I-surface modification
Doi:10.~O

Electroreduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
on~O
Single-Site~B-atomic level dispersion
Copper-Nitrogen-Doped~O
Carbon~O
Material:~O
Selective~O
Formation~O
of~O
Ethanol~O
and~O
Reversible~O
Restructuration~O
of~O
the~O
Metal~O
Sites~O
It~O
is~O
generally~O
believed~O
that~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
to~O
multi-carbon~O
products~O
such~O
as~O
ethanol~O
or~O
ethylene~O
may~O
be~O
catalyzed~O
with~O
significant~O
yield~O
only~O
on~O
metallic~O
copper~O
surfaces~O
implying~O
large~O
ensembles~O
of~O
copper~O
atoms.~O

In~O
Situ~O
Reconstruction~O
of~O
a~O
Hierarchical~O
Sn-Cu/SnOx~O
Core/Shell~B-structure control
Catalyst~O
for~O
High-Performance~O
CO2~O
Electroreduction~O
The~O
electrochemical~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
reaction~O
CO2RR~O
to~O
give~O
C-1~O
formate~O
and~O
CO~O
products~O
is~O
one~O
of~O
the~O
most~O
techno-economically~O
achievable~O
strategies~O
for~O
alleviating~O
CO2~O
emissions.~O

Herein~O
we~O
report~O
a~O
synthesis~O
strategy~O
for~O
preparing~O
heterogeneous~B-structure control
electrocatalyst~I-structure control
composed~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
3D~I-structure control
hierarchical~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
dendrites~I-structure control
that~O
derived~O
from~O
an~O
in~O
situ~O
electrosynthesized~O
hollow~O
copper~O
metal-organic~O
framework~O
MOF~O
for~O
which~O
the~O
preparation~O
of~O
the~O
Cu-MOF~O
film~O
took~O
only~O
5~O
min.~O

Herein~O
we~O
uncover~O
changes~O
in~O
the~O
chemical~B-structure control
and~I-structure control
morphological~I-structure control
state~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
supported~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
unsupported~I-structure control
Cu2O~I-structure control
nanocubes~I-structure control
during~O
operation~O
in~O
low-current~O
H-Cells~O
and~O
in~O
high-current~O
gas~O
diffusion~O
electrodes~O
GDEs~O
using~O
neutral~O
pH~O
buffer~O
conditions.~O

Here~O
Cu2O~B-structure control
111~I-structure control
quantum~I-structure control
dots~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
an~I-structure control
average~I-structure control
size~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
3.5~I-structure control
nm~I-structure control
are~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
situ~I-structure control
synthesized~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
porous~I-structure control
conductive~I-structure control
copper-based~I-structure control
metal-organic~I-structure control
framework~I-structure control
CuHHTP~I-structure control
exhibiting~O
high~O
selectivity~O
of~O
73~O
%~O
towards~O
CH4~O
with~O
partial~O
current~O
density~O
of~O
10.~O

Size-Dependent~O
Activity~O
and~O
Selectivity~O
of~O
Atomic-Level~B-atomic level dispersion
Copper~I-atomic level dispersion
Nanoclusters~I-atomic level dispersion
during~O
CO/CO2~O
Electroreduction~O
As~O
a~O
favorite~O
descriptor~O
the~O
size~O
effect~O
of~O
Cu-based~O
catalysts~O
has~O
been~O
regularly~O
utilized~O
for~O
activity~O
and~O
selectivity~O
regulation~O
toward~O
CO2/CO~O
electroreduction~O
reactions~O
CO2/CORR~O
.~O

Herein~O
B-doped~B-defect
Cu~O
B-Cu~O
and~O
B-Cu-Zn~O
gas~O
diffusion~O
electrodes~O
GDE~O
were~O
developed~O
for~O
highly~O
selective~O
and~O
stable~O
CO2~O
conversion~O
to~O
C2+~O
products~O
at~O
industrially~O
relevant~O
current~O
densities.~O

Data~B-composite
from~I-composite
operando~I-composite
surface-enhanced~I-composite
Raman~I-composite
spectroscopy~I-composite
further~I-composite
uncovered~I-composite
significant~I-composite
variations~I-composite
in~I-composite
the~I-composite
CO~I-composite
binding~I-composite
to~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
which~I-composite
were~I-composite
assigned~I-composite
to~I-composite
Ag-Cu~I-composite
sites~I-composite
formed~I-composite
during~I-composite
CO2RR~I-composite
that~I-composite
appear~I-composite
crucial~I-composite
for~I-composite
the~I-composite
C-C~I-composite
coupling~I-composite
and~I-composite
the~I-composite
enhanced~I-composite
yield~I-composite
of~I-composite
liquid~I-composite
products.~I-composite
Doi:10.~O

Residual~O
Chlorine~B-surface modification
Induced~I-surface modification
Cationic~I-surface modification
Active~I-surface modification
Species~I-surface modification
on~O
a~O
Porous~O
Copper~O
Electrocatalyst~O
for~O
Highly~O
Stable~O
Electrochemical~O
CO2~O
Reduction~O
to~O
C2+~O
Electrochemical~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
reaction~O
CO2RR~O
is~O
an~O
attractive~O
approach~O
to~O
deal~O
with~O
the~O
emission~O
of~O
CO2~O
and~O
to~O
produce~O
valuable~O
fuels~O
and~O
chemicals~O
in~O
a~O
carbon-neutral~O
way.~O

Herein~O
we~O
design~O
a~B-composite
Cu-CuI~I-composite
composite~I-composite
catalyst~I-composite
with~I-composite
abundant~I-composite
Cu-0/Cu+~I-composite
interfaces~I-composite
by~O
physically~O
mixing~O
Cu~O
nanoparticles~O
and~O
CuI~O
powders.~O

The~B-composite
enhancement~I-composite
in~I-composite
CO2ER~I-composite
activity~I-composite
is~I-composite
mainly~I-composite
attributed~I-composite
to~I-composite
the~I-composite
synergism~I-composite
of~I-composite
Cu-0-Cu+~I-composite
pairs:~I-composite
Cu-0~O
activates~O
CO2~O
and~O
facilitates~O
the~O
following~O
electron~O
transfers;~O
Cu+~O
strengthens~O
*CO~O
adsorption~O
to~O
further~O
boost~O
C-C~O
coupling.~O

Due~O
to~O
the~O
synergic~O
effects~O
of~O
HATNA~O
and~O
copper~B-atomic level dispersion
catecholate~I-atomic level dispersion
node~I-atomic level dispersion
this~O
HATNA-based~O
2D~O
conjugated~O
MOF~O
can~O
mediate~O
the~O
electrocatalytic~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
methane~O
with~O
high~O
selectivity~O
of~O
78~O
%~O
at~O
high~O
current~O
density~O
of~O
8.~O

Synthesis~O
of~O
a~O
Boron-Imidazolate~O
Framework~O
Nanosheet~O
with~O
Dimer~B-atomic level dispersion
Copper~I-atomic level dispersion
Units~I-atomic level dispersion
for~O
CO2~O
Electroreduction~O
to~O
Ethylene~O
Fundamental~O
understanding~O
of~O
the~O
dependence~O
between~O
the~O
structure~O
and~O
composition~O
on~O
the~O
electrochemical~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
reaction~O
CO2RR~O
would~O
guide~O
the~O
rational~O
design~O
of~O
highly~O
efficient~O
and~O
selective~O
electrocatalysts.~O

We~O
report~O
a~O
series~O
of~O
CuxOyCz~B-structure control
nanostructured~I-structure control
electrocatalysts~I-structure control
derived~O
from~O
a~O
Cu-based~O
MOF~O
as~O
porous~O
self-sacrificial~O
template.~O

Herein~O
we~O
report~O
the~O
first~O
work~O
to~O
design~O
atomically~B-surface modification
dispersed~I-surface modification
Sn~I-surface modification
site~I-surface modification
anchored~I-surface modification
on~I-surface modification
defective~I-surface modification
CuO~I-surface modification
catalysts~I-surface modification
for~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
to~O
methanol.~O

In~O
this~O
work~O
a~O
kind~O
of~O
Cu-porphyrin-based~B-atomic level dispersion
large-scale~O
approximate~O
to~O
1.~O

A~O
Tandem~O
Strategy~O
for~O
Enhancing~O
Electrochemical~O
CO2~O
Reduction~O
Activity~O
of~O
Single-Atom~B-atomic level dispersion
Cu-S1N3~I-atomic level dispersion
Catalysts~I-atomic level dispersion
via~I-atomic level dispersion
Integration~I-atomic level dispersion
with~I-atomic level dispersion
Cu~I-atomic level dispersion
Nanoclusters~I-atomic level dispersion
We~O
developed~O
a~O
tandem~O
electrocatalyst~O
for~O
CO2-to-CO~O
conversion~O
comprising~O
the~O
single~O
Cu~O
site~O
co-coordinated~O
with~O
N~O
and~O
S~O
anchored~O
carbon~O
matrix~O
Cu-S1N3~O
and~O
atomically~O
dispersed~O
Cu~O
clusters~O
Cu-x~O
denoted~O
as~O
Cu-S1N3/Cu-x.~O

Here~O
we~O
used~O
the~O
facet-selective~O
atomic~O
layer~O
deposition~O
FS-ALD~O
technique~O
to~O
selectively~B-structure control
cover~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
111~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
NCs~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
ultrathin~I-structure control
Al2O3~I-structure control
to~O
increase~O
the~O
exposed~O
facet~O
ratio~O
of~O
100~O
/~O
111~O
resulting~O
in~O
a~O
faradaic~O
efficiency~O
ratio~O
of~O
C2H4/CH4~O
for~O
overcoated~O
Cu~O
NCs~O
22~O
times~O
higher~O
than~O
that~O
for~O
pure~O
Cu~O
NCs.~O

In~O
this~O
work~O
we~O
report~O
a~O
unique~O
catalyst~O
the~O
coordinatively~O
unsaturated~O
Cu~O
sites~O
on~O
amorphous~O
CuTi~O
alloy~B-alloy
a-CuTi@Cu~O
toward~O
electrocatalytic~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
to~O
multicarbon~O
C2-4~O
liquid~O
fuels.~O

The~O
operando~O
infrared~O
spectroscopy~O
and~O
theoretic~O
density~O
functional~O
theory~O
DFT~O
calculations~O
reveal~O
that~O
the~B-composite
local~I-composite
high~I-composite
concentration~I-composite
of~I-composite
CO~I-composite
generated~I-composite
by~I-composite
PTF~I-composite
Ni~I-composite
sites~I-composite
can~I-composite
facilitate~I-composite
the~I-composite
C-C~I-composite
coupling~I-composite
to~I-composite
form~I-composite
C2H4~I-composite
on~I-composite
the~I-composite
nearby~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
NP~I-composite
sites.~I-composite
The~O
work~O
offers~O
an~O
effective~O
avenue~O
to~O
design~O
electrocatalysts~O
for~O
the~O
highly~O
selective~O
CO2RR~O
to~O
produce~O
multicarbon~O
products~O
via~O
a~O
tandem~O
route.~O

Cation-Deficiency-Dependent~O
CO2~O
Electroreduction~O
over~O
Copper-Based~O
Ruddlesden-Popper~O
Perovskite~O
Oxides~O
We~O
report~O
an~O
effective~O
strategy~O
to~O
enhance~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
CER~O
properties~O
of~O
Cu-based~O
Ruddlesden-Popper~O
RP~O
perovskite~O
oxides~O
by~O
engineering~B-defect
their~I-defect
A-site~I-defect
cation~I-defect
deficiencies.~I-defect

Highly~O
Ethylene-Selective~O
Electrocatalytic~O
CO2~O
Reduction~O
Enabled~O
by~O
Isolated~B-atomic level dispersion
Cu-S~I-atomic level dispersion
Motifs~I-atomic level dispersion
in~O
Metal-Organic~O
Framework~O
Based~O
Precatalysts~O
Copper-based~O
materials~O
are~O
efficient~O
electrocatalysts~O
for~O
the~O
conversion~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
C2+~O
products~O
and~O
most~O
these~O
materials~O
are~O
reconstructed~O
in~O
situ~O
to~O
regenerate~O
active~O
species.~O

Theoretical~O
thermodynamic~O
analysis~O
of~O
reaction~O
energetics~O
indicates~O
that~O
the~B-defect
optimal~I-defect
electronic~I-defect
structure~I-defect
of~I-defect
the~I-defect
Sn~I-defect
active~I-defect
site~I-defect
can~I-defect
be~I-defect
regulated~I-defect
by~I-defect
both~I-defect
S-doping~I-defect
and~I-defect
Cu-alloying~I-defect
to~I-defect
favor~I-defect
formate~I-defect
formation~I-defect
while~O
the~O
CO~O
and~O
H-2~O
pathways~O
will~O
be~O
suppressed.~O

We~O
have~O
designed~O
a~O
defect-containing~O
metal-organic~O
framework~O
HKUST-1~O
through~O
a~O
facile~O
"atomized~O
trimesic~O
acid"~O
strategy~O
in~O
which~O
Cu~B-atomic level dispersion
atoms~I-atomic level dispersion
are~I-atomic level dispersion
modified~I-atomic level dispersion
by~I-atomic level dispersion
unsaturated~I-atomic level dispersion
carboxylate~I-atomic level dispersion
ligands~I-atomic level dispersion
producing~O
coordinatively~O
unsaturated~O
Cu~O
paddle~O
wheel~O
CU-CPW~O
clusters.~O

In~O
situ~O
Raman~O
spectroscopy~O
and~O
density~O
functional~O
theory~O
calculations~O
reveal~O
that~O
CO~O
adsorption~O
with~O
bridge~O
and~O
atop~O
configurations~O
is~O
largely~O
improved~O
on~O
Cu~B-defect
with~I-defect
defects~I-defect
and~I-defect
low-coordinated~I-defect
sites~I-defect
which~O
decreased~O
the~O
energy~O
barrier~O
of~O
the~O
C-C~O
coupling~O
reaction~O
for~O
C2+~O
products.~O

96~O
VRHE~O
the~O
Ag~O
220~O
/Ag~O
111~O
ratio~O
significantly~O
affected~O
the~O
normalized~O
CO~O
partial~O
current~O
showing~O
the~O
importance~O
of~O
control~B-structure control
of~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
certain~I-structure control
facet~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
Ag~I-structure control
crystal~I-structure control
structure~I-structure control
by~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
additives.~I-structure control

Herein~O
we~O
comparatively~O
investigate~O
the~O
distributions~O
of~O
CO2RR~O
products~O
over~O
electroplated~O
Cu~O
chemically~B-surface modification
plated~I-surface modification
boron-doped~I-surface modification
Cu~I-surface modification
Cu-B~I-surface modification
and~I-surface modification
electroplated~I-surface modification
phosphorus-doped~I-surface modification
Cu~I-surface modification
Cu-P~I-surface modification
electrodes.~O

The~B-composite
imidazolium~I-composite
groups~I-composite
in~I-composite
the~I-composite
cationic~I-composite
ICTF~I-composite
not~I-composite
only~I-composite
can~I-composite
enhance~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
capture~I-composite
capacity~I-composite
and~I-composite
lower~I-composite
the~I-composite
energetic~I-composite
barrier~I-composite
to~I-composite
activate~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
but~I-composite
also~I-composite
the~I-composite
in~I-composite
situ~I-composite
formed~I-composite
N-heterocyclic~I-composite
carbenes~I-composite
NHC~I-composite
could~I-composite
stabilize~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
NPs~I-composite
to~I-composite
prevent~I-composite
their~I-composite
deactivation.~I-composite
Thus~O
the~O
Cu/ICTF~O
demonstrated~O
higher~O
selectivity~O
35~O
%~O
for~O
the~O
electroreduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
ethylene~O
with~O
larger~O
partial~O
current~O
density~O
of~O
ethylene~O
4.~O

We~B-surface modification
use~I-surface modification
an~I-surface modification
amino-modified~I-surface modification
Cu2O~I-surface modification
catalyst~I-surface modification
NH2-Cu2O~I-surface modification
for~I-surface modification
electrocatalytic~I-surface modification
CO2RR~I-surface modification
to~I-surface modification
obtain~I-surface modification
significantly~I-surface modification
increased~I-surface modification
production~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
CO~I-surface modification
and~I-surface modification
C-2~I-surface modification
products.~I-surface modification
Electrochemical~O
in-situ~O
infrared~O
spectroscopy~O
analysis~O
was~O
used~O
to~O
detect~O
the~O
presence~O
of~O
the~O
*COOH~O
and~O
*CHO~O
reaction~O
intermediates.~O

This~O
is~O
the~O
first~O
report~O
of~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
with~O
copper-N-heteroaromatic~B-atomic level dispersion
ligand~I-atomic level dispersion
complexes.~I-atomic level dispersion

The~B-structure control
enhancement~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
ethylene~I-structure control
formation~I-structure control
is~I-structure control
presumably~I-structure control
attributed~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
formation~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
grain~I-structure control
boundaries~I-structure control
which~O
may~O
serve~O
as~O
active~O
sites.~O

Here~O
we~O
report~O
a~O
reliable~O
route~O
for~O
the~O
synthesis~O
of~O
hollow~B-structure control
CuS~I-structure control
microcubes~I-structure control
h-CuS~O
MCs~O
through~O
a~O
galvanic~O
replacement~O
reaction~O
of~O
the~O
Cu2O~O
microcube~O
Cu2O~O
MC~O
precursor.~O

Synthesis~O
and~O
Characterization~O
of~O
Cu~O
S~O
Co-doped~O
SnO2~O
for~O
Electrocatalytic~O
Reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
Formate~O
at~O
Low~O
Overpotential~O
A~O
novel~O
copper~B-surface modification
Cu~I-surface modification
and~I-surface modification
sulfur~I-surface modification
S~I-surface modification
co-doped~I-surface modification
SnO2~I-surface modification
material~I-surface modification
prepared~O
by~O
a~O
facile~O
hydrothermal~O
method~O
is~O
demonstrated~O
as~O
an~O
efficient~O
electrocatalyst~O
for~O
the~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
formate.~O

The~B-structure control
optimized~I-structure control
Cu-SnOx~I-structure control
hybrid~I-structure control
nanostructures~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
BDDL~I-structure control
were~I-structure control
found~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
be~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
size~I-structure control
range~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
50~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
100~I-structure control
nm~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
3~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
10nm~I-structure control
SnOx-rich~I-structure control
shell.~I-structure control
This~O
optimized~O
Cu-SnOx~O
modified~O
BDDL~O
electrode~O
was~O
tested~O
for~O
electrochemical~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
reaction~O
in~O
aqueous~O
electrolyte~O
and~O
found~O
to~O
produce~O
primarily~O
CO~O
with~O
a~O
Faradaic~O
Efficiency~O
of~O
up~O
to~O
82.~O

Here~O
Cu3N-derived~B-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
nanowires~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
high~I-structure control
density~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
grain~I-structure control
boundaries~I-structure control
are~O
synthesized~O
and~O
demonstrated~O
as~O
an~O
efficient~O
electrocatalyst~O
for~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
CO2~O
to~O
C2~O
products.~O

Electrodeposited~O
Cu2O~O
Films~O
on~O
Gas~O
Diffusion~O
Layers~O
for~O
Selective~O
CO2~O
Electroreduction~O
to~O
Ethylene~O
in~O
an~O
Alkaline~O
Flow~O
Electrolyzer~O
Novel~O
electrodes~O
for~O
the~O
electroreduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
were~O
prepared~O
by~O
the~O
electrodeposition~B-structure control
of~I-structure control
copper~I-structure control
I~I-structure control
oxide~I-structure control
Cu2O~I-structure control
catalytic~I-structure control
films~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
gas~I-structure control
diffusion~I-structure control
layer.~I-structure control

We~O
employ~O
an~O
energy-efficient~O
microwave-assisted~O
route~O
to~O
synthesize~O
copper/copper~O
oxides~O
with~O
different~B-structure control
structures~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
morphologies.~I-structure control

CuSn~O
Alloy~B-alloy
Nanoparticles~O
on~O
Nitrogen-Doped~O
Graphene~O
for~O
Electrocatalytic~O
CO2~O
Reduction~O
We~O
report~O
an~O
efficient~O
electrocatalyst~O
utilizing~O
non-noble~O
metals~O
consisting~O
of~O
Cu~O
and~O
Sn~O
supported~O
on~O
nitrogen-doped~O
graphene~O
NG~O
for~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
over~O
a~O
wide~O
potential~O
range.~O

The~O
selectivity~O
of~O
ethylene~O
using~O
modified~O
dendritic~B-structure control
Cu2O~O
electrodes~O
remains~O
stable~O
from~O
19.~O

In~O
this~O
work~O
nano-sized~B-structure control
CuO~I-structure control
catalysts~I-structure control
were~O
prepared~O
by~O
using~O
the~O
homogeneous~O
precipitation~O
method~O
for~O
electrochemical~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
to~O
CO.~O

For~O
the~O
first~O
time~O
we~B-structure control
present~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
facile~I-structure control
method~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
combine~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
high-curvature~I-structure control
structure~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
grain~I-structure control
boundary~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
enhance~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
selectivity~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
CO2RR~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
ethylene~I-structure control
over~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
CuO~I-structure control
catalyst.~I-structure control
Doi:10.~O

Herein~O
SnO2/CuOnanoparticle~B-surface modification
composites~I-surface modification
NCs~I-surface modification
with~I-surface modification
rich~I-surface modification
heterointerfaces~I-surface modification
were~O
designed~O
for~O
selectively~O
converting~O
CO2~O
into~O
liquidus~O
formate.~O

CO2-to-HCOOH~O
Electrochemical~O
Conversion~O
on~O
Nanostructured~B-structure control
CuxPd100-x/Carbon~O
Catalysts~O
Selective~O
electrochemical~O
conversion~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
HCOOH~O
is~O
obtained~O
at~O
the~O
surface~O
of~O
a~O
carbon-supported~O
bimetallic~O
cathode~O
material~O
composed~O
of~O
copper~O
and~O
palladium~O
nanoparticles.~O

Here~O
we~O
design~O
a~O
novel~O
bimetallic~B-structure control
alloy/oxide~I-structure control
nanowire~I-structure control
catalyst~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
core-shell~I-structure control
configuration.~I-structure control

Here~O
we~O
show~O
that~O
the~B-surface modification
addition~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
nitrogen-based~I-surface modification
organic~I-surface modification
additives~I-surface modification
greatly~O
improves~O
the~O
activity~O
of~O
these~O
electrodes~O
higher~O
current~O
densities~O
greater~O
selectivity~O
and~O
higher~O
faradaic~O
yields~O
.~O

Investigation~O
of~O
a~O
Cu~O
core~O
/CuO~O
shell~O
Catalyst~O
for~O
Electrochemical~O
Reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
in~O
Aqueous~O
Soultion~O
In~O
this~O
work~O
we~O
investigate~O
the~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
on~O
a~O
Cu~B-structure control
core~I-structure control
/CuO~I-structure control
shell~I-structure control
catalyst~I-structure control
in~O
aqueous~O
electrolytes~O
in~O
a~O
flow~O
reactor.~O

Aligned~O
carbon~O
nanotube/copper~O
sheets:~O
a~O
new~O
electrocatalyst~O
for~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
to~O
hydrocarbons~O
We~O
controlled~B-structure control
the~I-structure control
morphologies~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
copper~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
nanostructure~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
aligned~I-structure control
carbon~I-structure control
nanotube~I-structure control
CNT~I-structure control
sheets~I-structure control
influencing~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
efficiency~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
electrocatalytic~I-structure control
reduction~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
CO2.~I-structure control
Functionalized~O
CNT~O
sheets~O
affected~O
the~O
pulsed~O
electrodeposition~O
of~O
copper~O
in~O
terms~O
of~O
3D~O
growth~O
bonding~O
and~O
electrochemical~O
activity.~O

This~O
work~O
demonstrates~O
that~O
dendritic~O
bimetallic~B-structure control
Cu-Bi~I-structure control
electrocatalysts~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
nanometer-sized~I-structure control
grains~I-structure control
are~O
capable~O
of~O
formate~O
generation~O
with~O
a~O
high~O
selectivity.~O

The~B-composite
improvement~I-composite
is~I-composite
suggested~I-composite
to~I-composite
be~I-composite
the~I-composite
result~I-composite
of~I-composite
a~I-composite
synergistic~I-composite
effect~I-composite
between~I-composite
PdH~I-composite
and~I-composite
the~I-composite
catalytically~I-composite
active~I-composite
copper~I-composite
sites~I-composite
during~I-composite
electrochemical~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
reduction.~I-composite
Doi:10.~O

By~O
varying~O
the~O
metal~O
ratio~O
the~O
catalyst~O
can~O
be~O
tuned~O
from~O
a~O
core-shell~B-structure control
structure~I-structure control
that~O
selectively~O
produces~O
CO~O
to~O
a~O
well-mixed~O
structure~O
that~O
prefers~O
HCOOH~O
production.~O

By~O
varying~O
the~O
metal~O
ratio~O
the~O
catalyst~O
can~O
be~O
tuned~O
from~O
a~O
core-shell~O
structure~O
that~O
selectively~O
produces~O
CO~O
to~O
a~O
well-mixed~B-structure control
structure~I-structure control
that~O
prefers~O
HCOOH~O
production.~O

Although~O
the~O
material~O
only~O
showed~O
isolated~B-atomic level dispersion
Cu~I-atomic level dispersion
sites~I-atomic level dispersion
in~O
phthalocyanine-like~O
CuN4~O
coordination~O
in~O
situ~O
and~O
operando~O
X-ray~O
absorption~O
spectroscopy~O
showed~O
that~O
under~O
operating~O
conditions~O
the~O
Cu~O
atoms~O
were~O
fully~O
converted~O
to~O
Cu~O
nanoparticles~O
which~O
were~O
likely~O
the~O
catalytically~O
active~O
species.~O

At~B-composite
the~I-composite
bimetallic~I-composite
electrodes~I-composite
ZnO-derived~I-composite
active~I-composite
sites~I-composite
are~I-composite
selective~I-composite
for~I-composite
CO~I-composite
formation~I-composite
and~I-composite
highly~I-composite
conductive~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
favors~I-composite
electron~I-composite
transport~I-composite
in~I-composite
the~I-composite
catalyst~I-composite
layer~I-composite
as~I-composite
well~I-composite
as~I-composite
charge~I-composite
transfer~I-composite
at~I-composite
the~I-composite
electrode/electrolyte~I-composite
interface.~I-composite
Doi:10.~O

In~O
this~O
work~O
a~O
graphitic~B-composite
carbon~I-composite
nitride~I-composite
g-C3N4~I-composite
-supported~I-composite
Cu2O~I-composite
composite~I-composite
was~O
fabricated~O
which~O
exhibited~O
a~O
32.~O

In~O
this~O
study~O
Cu~B-structure control
electrodes~I-structure control
derived~I-structure control
from~I-structure control
Cu2O~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
predominant~I-structure control
111~I-structure control
facets~I-structure control
are~O
synthesized~O
by~O
cetyltrimethylammonium~O
bromide-assisted~O
preparation.~O

In~O
this~O
study~O
cuprous~B-surface modification
oxide~I-surface modification
Cu2O~I-surface modification
modified~I-surface modification
by~I-surface modification
cucurbit[6]urils~I-surface modification
Q[6]~I-surface modification
a~O
kind~O
of~O
rigid~O
macromolecule~O
is~O
found~O
to~O
act~O
as~O
an~O
efficient~O
supramolecular~O
inorganic~O
nanocomposite~O
catalyst~O
for~O
the~O
electrochemical~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
reaction~O
CO2RR~O
to~O
C-1~O
fuels.~O

Ex~O
situ~O
spectroscopic~O
and~O
microscopic~O
and~O
voltammetric~O
investigations~O
pointed~O
to~O
the~B-composite
role~I-composite
of~I-composite
abundant~I-composite
phase~I-composite
boundaries~I-composite
between~I-composite
CdS~I-composite
and~I-composite
Cu+/Cu~I-composite
sites~I-composite
in~I-composite
the~I-composite
SD-CuCd2~I-composite
catalyst~I-composite
in~I-composite
enhancing~I-composite
the~I-composite
selectivity~I-composite
and~I-composite
efficiency~I-composite
of~I-composite
ethanol~I-composite
formation~I-composite
at~I-composite
low~I-composite
potentials.~I-composite

The~B-composite
interaction~I-composite
between~I-composite
the~I-composite
metal~I-composite
and~I-composite
carbon~I-composite
nitride~I-composite
in~I-composite
the~I-composite
heterostructured~I-composite
catalysts~I-composite
improves~I-composite
the~I-composite
intrinsic~I-composite
electrical~I-composite
conductivity~I-composite
and~I-composite
the~I-composite
charge~I-composite
transfer~I-composite
processes~I-composite
at~I-composite
metal-support~I-composite
interfaces.~I-composite
A~O
remarkable~O
enhancement~O
in~O
the~O
selectivity~O
of~O
hydrocarbons~O
is~O
achieved~O
with~O
these~O
modified~O
Cu-based~O
electrocatalysts~O
with~O
an~O
onset~O
potential~O
of~O
-0.~O

Our~O
result~O
indicates~O
that~O
the~B-structure control
sheet~I-structure control
size~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
LDH~I-structure control
sheet~I-structure control
is~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
critical~I-structure control
parameter~I-structure control
for~O
determining~O
CO2RR~O
activity.~O

High-resolution~O
microscopy~O
in~O
situ~O
X-ray~O
absorption~O
spectroscopy~O
in~O
situ~O
Raman~O
spectroscopy~O
and~O
a~O
range~O
of~O
ex~O
situ~O
spectroscopies~O
indicate~O
that~O
the~B-atomic level dispersion
distinctive~I-atomic level dispersion
CH4~I-atomic level dispersion
selectivity~I-atomic level dispersion
is~I-atomic level dispersion
due~I-atomic level dispersion
to~I-atomic level dispersion
the~I-atomic level dispersion
sub-nanometer~I-atomic level dispersion
size~I-atomic level dispersion
of~I-atomic level dispersion
the~I-atomic level dispersion
derived~I-atomic level dispersion
materials~I-atomic level dispersion
as~O
well~O
as~O
stabilization~O
of~O
the~O
clusters~O
by~O
residual~O
ligands~O
of~O
the~O
pristine~O
MOF.~O

Cu2O/CuO~O
Electrocatalyst~O
for~O
Electrochemical~O
Reduction~O
of~O
Carbon~O
Dioxide~O
to~O
Methanol~O
Herein~O
we~O
report~O
the~B-structure control
controlled~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
direct~I-structure control
fabrication~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Cu2O/CuO~I-structure control
thin~I-structure control
film~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
conductive~I-structure control
nickel~I-structure control
foam~I-structure control
using~I-structure control
electrodeposition~I-structure control
route~I-structure control
for~O
the~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
carbon~O
dioxide~O
CO2~O
to~O
methanol.~O

Herein~O
the~O
novel~O
Au~B-surface modification
decorated~I-surface modification
Cu2O~I-surface modification
electrocatalysts~I-surface modification
were~O
synthesized~O
via~O
the~O
galvanic~O
replacement~O
reaction~O
and~O
the~O
successive~O
pre-reduction~O
by~O
linear~O
voltammetry~O
LSV~O
method.~O

The~O
main~O
hydrocarbon~O
product~O
of~O
electro-deposited~B-structure control
copper-based~I-structure control
catalysts~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
200~I-structure control
was~O
CH4.~O

Nanoporous~O
structured~O
Sn-MWCNT/Cu~O
electrodes~O
fabricated~O
by~O
electrodeposition-chemical~O
dezincification~O
for~O
catalytic~O
CO2~O
reduction~O
A~O
facile~O
method~O
is~O
developed~O
to~O
fabricate~O
nanoporous~B-structure control
structured~I-structure control
Sn-based~I-structure control
catalyst~I-structure control
electrodes.~I-structure control

The~B-structure control
synthesized~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
catalysts~I-structure control
show~I-structure control
relatively~I-structure control
high~I-structure control
crystallinity~I-structure control
dominated~I-structure control
by~I-structure control
{111}~I-structure control
facets~I-structure control
promoting~O
the~O
generation~O
of~O
CH4.~O

Electro-chemical~O
analysis~O
and~O
density~O
functional~O
theory~O
DFT~O
calculations~O
suggest~O
a~O
preliminary~O
mechanism~O
in~O
which~O
active~B-composite
sites~I-composite
on~I-composite
the~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
nanoparticles~I-composite
and~I-composite
the~I-composite
carbon~I-composite
nanospikes~I-composite
work~I-composite
in~I-composite
tandem~I-composite
to~I-composite
control~I-composite
the~I-composite
electrochemical~I-composite
reduction~I-composite
of~I-composite
carbon~I-composite
monoxide~I-composite
dimer~I-composite
to~I-composite
alcohol.~I-composite
Doi:10.~O

We~B-structure control
evaluated~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
effect~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
different~I-structure control
treatments~I-structure control
electropolishing~I-structure control
Cu-p~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
annealing~I-structure control
treatments~I-structure control
under~I-structure control
oxidizing~I-structure control
Cu-Air~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
reducing~I-structure control
Cu-H-2~I-structure control
conditions~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
performance~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
electrodes~I-structure control
designed~I-structure control
for~I-structure control
CO2RR.~I-structure control
Characterizations~O
revealed~O
the~O
presence~O
of~O
Cu2O~O
and~O
CuO~O
layers~O
on~O
the~O
surface~O
of~O
the~O
Cu-Air~O
electrode.~O

Reduction~O
of~O
CO~O
2~O
to~O
Value-Added~O
Products~O
on~O
a~O
Cu~O
II~O
-Salen~O
Complex~O
Coated~O
Graphite~O
Electrocatalyst~O
This~O
work~O
synthesizes~O
a~O
four-coordinate~B-atomic level dispersion
Cu~O
II~O
complex~O
{[Cu-II~O
L-2~O
NH~O
];1}~O
of~O
the~O
tetradentate~O
H~O
2~O
L~O
2~O
NH~O
ligand.~O

Template-Free~O
Cu~O
Electrodeposition~O
to~O
Prepare~O
Cu-Micro-Brush~B-structure control
Electrodes~I-structure control
for~O
Electrochemical~O
CO2~O
Reduction~O
Copper~O
foams~O
deposited~O
under~O
various~O
conditions~O
are~O
characterized~O
in~O
an~O
airtight~O
three-electrode~O
H-cell~O
system.~O

Herein~O
for~O
the~O
first~O
time~O
we~B-structure control
have~I-structure control
developed~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
molten~I-structure control
salt~I-structure control
oxidized~I-structure control
method~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
modify~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
morphology~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
oxidation~I-structure control
state~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
Cu-foam~I-structure control
catalyst.~I-structure control
The~O
catalyst~O
displayed~O
a~O
current~O
density~O
of~O
30~O
mA~O
cm~O
-2~O
-1.~O

Electrochemical~O
Reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
on~O
Flame~O
Annealed~O
Cu~O
Surface~O
modification~B-surface modification
of~O
metallic~O
Cu~O
by~O
conventional~O
oxidation~O
and~O
an~O
alternative~O
method~O
of~O
oxidation~O
using~O
flame~O
annealing~O
and~O
its~O
influence~O
on~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
ECR~O
of~O
CO2~O
are~O
reported~O
in~O
this~O
study.~O

Tafel~O
plots~O
and~O
density~O
functional~O
theory~O
calculations~O
suggest~O
that~O
both~B-alloy
the~I-alloy
introduction~I-alloy
of~I-alloy
high-index~I-alloy
facets~I-alloy
and~I-alloy
alloying~I-alloy
contribute~I-alloy
to~I-alloy
the~I-alloy
enhanced~I-alloy
CH4~I-alloy
current~I-alloy
of~I-alloy
CRD-Cu3Pd~I-alloy
while~I-alloy
the~I-alloy
alloy~I-alloy
effect~I-alloy
is~I-alloy
responsible~I-alloy
for~I-alloy
high~I-alloy
CO~I-alloy
selectivity~I-alloy
of~I-alloy
FL-Pd3Cu.~I-alloy

The~B-structure control
iodide-ion-assisted~I-structure control
synthesis~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
porous~I-structure control
copper~I-structure control
P-Cu~I-structure control
microspheres~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
moderate~I-structure control
coordination~I-structure control
number~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
7.7~I-structure control
which~I-structure control
is~I-structure control
beneficial~I-structure control
for~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
selective~I-structure control
electroreduction~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
CO2~I-structure control
into~I-structure control
multicarbon~I-structure control
C2+~I-structure control
chemicals~I-structure control
is~I-structure control
reported.~I-structure control
P-Cu~O
delivers~O
a~O
C2+~O
Faradaic~O
efficiency~O
of~O
78~O
+/-~O
1%~O
at~O
a~O
potential~O
of~O
-1.~O

Here~O
it~O
is~O
demonstrated~O
that~O
the~O
dinuclear~B-atomic level dispersion
molecular~I-atomic level dispersion
copper~I-atomic level dispersion
complex~I-atomic level dispersion
immobilized~O
over~O
graphitized~O
mesoporous~O
carbon~O
can~O
act~O
as~O
catalysts~O
for~O
the~O
conversion~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
hydrocarbons~O
methane~O
and~O
ethylene~O
up~O
to~O
60%.~O

Herein~O
a~O
biatomic~O
site~O
catalyst~O
of~O
Cu-Fe~B-atomic level dispersion
coordinated~I-atomic level dispersion
with~I-atomic level dispersion
the~I-atomic level dispersion
nitrogen~I-atomic level dispersion
which~O
is~O
doped~O
in~O
the~O
carbon~O
matrix~O
denoted~O
as~O
Cu-Fe-N-6-C~O
is~O
designed.~O

By~O
virtue~O
of~O
hierarchical~B-structure control
bicontinuous~I-structure control
nanoporous~I-structure control
Cu~I-structure control
architecture~I-structure control
facilitating~O
electron~O
transfer~O
and~O
CO2~O
and~O
proton~O
mass~O
transport~O
and~O
offering~O
high~O
specific~O
surface~O
areas~O
for~O
full~O
use~O
of~O
electroactive~O
Cu3Sn~O
sites~O
the~O
nanoporous~O
Cu3Sn/Cu~O
hybrid~O
electrodes~O
produce~O
CO~O
at~O
a~O
low~O
overpotential~O
of~O
0.~O

Based~O
on~O
electrochemical~O
tests~O
and~O
CO~O
adsorption~O
capacity~O
analyses~O
the~B-composite
origin~I-composite
of~I-composite
the~I-composite
enhanced~I-composite
catalytic~I-composite
performance~I-composite
can~I-composite
be~I-composite
attributed~I-composite
to~I-composite
the~I-composite
synergistic~I-composite
effect~I-composite
between~I-composite
Ag~I-composite
shell~I-composite
and~I-composite
Cu~I-composite
core~I-composite
which~O
strengthens~O
the~O
bonding~O
strength~O
of~O
CO~O
on~O
Cu/Ag~O
interfaces~O
expedites~O
the~O
charge~O
transfer~O
increases~O
the~O
electrochemical~O
surface~O
areas~O
ECSAs~O
.~O

Rich~B-composite
copper/carbon~I-composite
heterogenous~I-composite
interfaces~I-composite
and~I-composite
hollow~I-composite
structure~I-composite
of~I-composite
optimized~I-composite
HCS/Cu-0.12~I-composite
catalyst~I-composite
are~I-composite
beneficial~I-composite
to~I-composite
charge~I-composite
transmission.~I-composite
Compared~O
with~O
the~O
CO2RR~O
occurred~O
in~O
aqueous~O
electrolyte~O
over~O
Cu-based~O
catalyst~O
that~O
has~O
been~O
reported~O
to~O
date~O
it~O
exhibits~O
highest~O
formate~O
Faradaic~O
efficiency~O
FE~O
of~O
82.~O

This~O
catalyst~O
is~O
prepared~O
through~O
the~O
electrodeposition~B-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
cobalt~I-surface modification
on~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
surface~I-surface modification
of~I-surface modification
copper~I-surface modification
followed~O
by~O
Ar~O
and~O
air~O
atmosphere~O
treatment.~O

Herein~O
a~B-structure control
lithium~I-structure control
vacancy-tuned~I-structure control
Li2CuO2~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
square-planar~I-structure control
[CuO4]~I-structure control
layers~I-structure control
is~O
developed~O
via~O
an~O
electrochemical~O
delithiation~O
strategy.~O

In~O
this~O
work~O
a~B-alloy
bimetallic~I-alloy
low-entropy~I-alloy
state~I-alloy
Cu-3~I-alloy
Sn~I-alloy
catalyst~I-alloy
featuring~I-alloy
efficient~I-alloy
electrocatalytic~I-alloy
CO2~I-alloy
reduction~I-alloy
to~I-alloy
ethanol~I-alloy
is~I-alloy
developed.~I-alloy

Selective~O
and~O
Low~O
Overpotential~O
Electrochemical~O
CO2~O
Reduction~O
to~O
Formate~O
on~O
CuS~O
Decorated~O
CuO~O
Heterostructure~O
Cu2O/CuO/CuS~O
electrocatalyst~O
was~O
prepared~O
by~O
thermal~O
oxidation~O
of~O
cleaned~O
copper~O
mesh~O
in~O
the~O
air~O
into~O
Cu2O/CuO~O
and~O
CuS~B-surface modification
was~I-surface modification
deposited~I-surface modification
on~I-surface modification
oxide~I-surface modification
surface~I-surface modification
using~O
facile~O
successive~O
ionic~O
layer~O
adsorption~O
and~O
reaction~O
method.~O

The~B-structure control
enhancement~I-structure control
was~I-structure control
found~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
be~I-structure control
due~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
copper~I-structure control
oxide~I-structure control
formed~I-structure control
on~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
copper~I-structure control
electrode.~I-structure control
The~O
selectivity~O
was~O
further~O
improved~O
when~O
the~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
was~O
carried~O
out~O
using~O
a~O
copper~O
oxide~O
electrode.~O

In~O
this~O
work~O
we~O
explore~O
the~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
in~O
aqueous~O
electrolytes~O
using~O
alloys~B-alloy
of~O
Cu~O
and~O
Au~O
including~O
2~O
and~O
6~O
nm~O
nanoparticles~O
along~O
with~O
polycrystalline~O
foils.~O

5~O
N~O
KHCO3~O
at~O
25~O
degrees~O
C~O
in~O
which~O
various~O
sizes~O
of~O
Cu2O~O
nanocubes~O
similar~O
to~O
27~O
+/-~O
2~O
37~O
+/-~O
3~O
62~O
+/-~O
4~O
and~O
207~O
+/-~O
3~O
nm~O
with~O
different~O
extent~O
of~O
surface~O
oxidation~O
13~O
20~O
66~O
and~O
64%~O
of~O
Cu~O
II~O
were~O
reinforced~B-composite
on~I-composite
to~I-composite
polyvinyl~I-composite
alcohol/reduced~I-composite
graphene~I-composite
oxide~I-composite
matrix~I-composite
PVA/rGO/~O
Cu2O/CuO_X~O
where~O
X~O
=without~O
halide~O
Cl~O
Br~O
and~O
I~O
.~O

Among~O
various~O
Cu2O~O
catalysts~O
the~B-structure control
one~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
smallest~I-structure control
cubes~I-structure control
leads~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
best~I-structure control
CO~I-structure control
selectivity~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
electrode~I-structure control
attributed~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
higher~I-structure control
electrochemically~I-structure control
active~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
area.~I-structure control

Promotion~O
of~B-composite
electrocatalytic~I-composite
CO2~I-composite
reduction~I-composite
on~I-composite
Cu2O~I-composite
film~I-composite
by~I-composite
ZnO~I-composite
nanoparticles~I-composite
Cu2O~O
films~O
were~O
prepared~O
using~O
an~O
improved~O
solution~O
immersion~O
method~O
whereas~O
ZnO/Cu2O~O
films~O
were~O
prepared~O
using~O
an~O
electrodeposition~O
method.~O

Design~O
of~O
CuInS2~O
hollow~B-structure control
nanostructures~I-structure control
toward~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
The~O
sharp~O
rise~O
of~O
CO2~O
in~O
the~O
atmosphere~O
has~O
become~O
a~O
potential~O
threat~O
to~O
global~O
climate~O
which~O
results~O
from~O
the~O
massive~O
utilization~O
of~O
fossil~O
fuel~O
since~O
the~O
industry~O
revolution.~O

Notably~O
the~B-structure control
highest~I-structure control
CO~I-structure control
evolution~I-structure control
rate~I-structure control
was~I-structure control
achieved~I-structure control
with~I-structure control
Ag-0.125/Cu2O~I-structure control
due~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
larger~I-structure control
electroactive~I-structure control
surface~I-structure control
area~I-structure control
furnished~I-structure control
by~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
hierarchical~I-structure control
structure.~I-structure control

The~O
Cu~B-structure control
nanowires~I-structure control
preferred~O
the~O
formation~O
of~O
C2H4~O
while~O
the~O
Cu~O
nanoneedles~O
favored~O
the~O
production~O
of~O
more~O
CH4~O
rather~O
than~O
C2H4.~O

The~O
Cu~O
nanowires~O
preferred~O
the~O
formation~O
of~O
C2H4~O
while~O
the~O
Cu~B-structure control
nanoneedles~I-structure control
favored~O
the~O
production~O
of~O
more~O
CH4~O
rather~O
than~O
C2H4.~O

The~O
three-dimensional~B-structure control
3D~I-structure control
array~I-structure control
structure~I-structure control
of~O
the~O
Cu@NC~O
was~O
demonstrated~O
to~O
be~O
effective~O
for~O
improving~O
the~O
catalytic~O
activity~O
of~O
copper~O
based~O
catalysts~O
while~O
maintaining~O
long-term~O
catalytic~O
stability.~O

The~B-structure control
improving~I-structure control
selectivity~I-structure control
for~I-structure control
CO~I-structure control
could~I-structure control
be~I-structure control
attributed~I-structure control
to~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
bimetallic~I-structure control
effect~I-structure control
and~I-structure control
nanowire~I-structure control
arrays~I-structure control
structure.~I-structure control

Specifically~O
polytetrafluoroethylene~B-surface modification
PTFE~I-surface modification
was~I-surface modification
utilized~I-surface modification
to~I-surface modification
modify~I-surface modification
a~I-surface modification
Cu~I-surface modification
nanoarray~I-surface modification
electrode~I-surface modification
as~I-surface modification
an~I-surface modification
example~I-surface modification
which~I-surface modification
is~I-surface modification
able~I-surface modification
to~I-surface modification
change~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
electrode~I-surface modification
surface~I-surface modification
from~I-surface modification
aerophobic~I-surface modification
to~I-surface modification
aerophilic~I-surface modification
state.~I-surface modification
The~O
enriched~O
nano-tunnels~O
of~O
the~O
Cu~O
nanoarray~O
electrode~O
can~O
facilitate~O
CO2~O
transportation~O
and~O
pin~O
gaseous~O
products~O
on~O
the~O
electrode~O
surface.~O

Here~O
we~O
report~O
that~O
polycrystalline~O
Cu~O
nanoparticles~O
denoted~O
as~O
Cu-s~O
with~O
rich~B-structure control
high-index~I-structure control
facets~I-structure control
derived~O
from~O
Cu2-xS~O
through~O
desulphurization~O
and~O
surface~O
reconstruction~O
offer~O
an~O
excellent~O
platform~O
for~O
investigating~O
the~O
role~O
of~O
surface~O
reconstruction~O
in~O
electrocatalytic~O
CO2~O
conversion.~O

In~O
this~O
work~O
driven~O
by~O
concentration~O
gradient~O
a~O
simple~O
air-heating~O
aided~O
strategy~O
has~O
been~O
developed~O
to~O
adjust~O
surface~O
composition~O
of~O
the~O
self-supporting~O
nanoporous~O
AuCu3~O
alloy.~B-alloy

Electroreduction~O
of~O
Carbon~O
Dioxide~O
on~O
Copper-Based~O
Electrodes:~O
Activity~O
of~O
Copper~O
Single~O
Crystals~O
and~O
Copper-Gold~O
Alloys~B-alloy
The~O
activity~O
of~O
copper~O
single-crystal~O
and~O
copper-gold~O
alloyed~O
Au1Cu99~O
Au10Cu90~O
Au20Cu80~O
Au50Cu50~O
electrodes~O
for~O
CO2~O
electroreduction~O
has~O
been~O
investigated~O
in~O
aqueous~O
phosphate~O
buffer~O
solutions~O
by~O
cyclic~O
voltammetry~O
and~O
potentiostatic~O
long-term~O
electrolysis.~O

Here~O
the~O
hydrophobic~B-surface modification
1-octadecanethiol~I-surface modification
molecular~I-surface modification
was~I-surface modification
functionalized~I-surface modification
over~I-surface modification
the~I-surface modification
Cu~I-surface modification
catalyst~I-surface modification
layer~I-surface modification
of~O
the~O
GDE~O
which~O
simultaneously~O
stabilizes~O
the~O
GDL~O
and~O
exposes~O
abundant~O
active~O
solid-liquid-gas~O
three-phase~O
interfaces.~O

Electrocatalytic~O
Reduction~O
of~O
Carbon~O
Dioxide~O
using~O
Sol-gel~O
Processed~O
Copper~O
Indium~O
Sulfide~O
CIS~O
Immobilized~O
on~O
ITO-Coated~O
Glass~O
Electrode~O
Sol-gel~O
processed~B-structure control
copper~I-structure control
indium~I-structure control
sulfide~I-structure control
CIS~I-structure control
films~I-structure control
have~O
been~O
processed~O
on~O
glass~O
and~O
transparent~O
indium~O
doped~O
tin~O
oxide~O
ITO~O
-coated~O
glass~O
electrodes~O
by~O
a~O
straightforward~O
layer~O
by~O
layer~O
spin~O
coating~O
route~O
yielding~O
excellent~O
film~O
qualities~O
with~O
subsequent~O
thermal~O
annealing.~O

Electrodeposited~O
Cu-Sn~O
Alloy~B-alloy
for~O
Electrochemical~O
CO2~O
Reduction~O
to~O
CO/HCOO~O
Cu-Sn~O
alloy~O
electrodes~O
were~O
prepared~O
by~O
simple~O
electrodeposition~O
method~O
for~O
the~O
electrochemical~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
into~O
CO~O
and~O
HCOO-.~O

Electro-reduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
onto~O
ZnO-Cu~O
nano~O
composite~O
catalyst~O
Present~O
communication~O
reports~O
a~O
simple~O
method~O
of~O
preparation~O
of~O
ZnO-Cu~B-composite
nano~I-composite
composite~I-composite
a~O
reverse~O
water~O
gas~O
shift~O
RWGS~O
type~O
low-cost~O
catalyst~O
for~O
electro-catalytic~O
reduction~O
of~O
CO2.~O

These~O
results~O
suggested~O
that~O
mixing~B-alloy
Co~I-alloy
in~I-alloy
Cu~I-alloy
promotes~I-alloy
the~I-alloy
hydrogenation~I-alloy
of~I-alloy
CH2*~I-alloy
to~I-alloy
CH3*~I-alloy
and~I-alloy
inhibits~I-alloy
the~I-alloy
dimerization~I-alloy
of~I-alloy
CH2*~I-alloy
species.~I-alloy
Furthermore~O
this~O
research~O
on~O
plated~O
electrodes~O
is~O
useful~O
for~O
the~O
development~O
of~O
catalytic~O
electrodes~O
for~O
electrolytic~O
CO2~O
reduction.~O

The~B-structure control
higher~I-structure control
efficiency~I-structure control
may~I-structure control
be~I-structure control
because~I-structure control
space~I-structure control
was~I-structure control
more~I-structure control
effectively~I-structure control
utilized~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
the~I-structure control
helical~I-structure control
MOF~I-structure control
nanoarrays~I-structure control
resulting~I-structure control
in~I-structure control
a~I-structure control
greater~I-structure control
number~I-structure control
of~I-structure control
active~I-structure control
catalytic~I-structure control
sites.~I-structure control
Furthermore~O
in~O
situ~O
diffuse~O
reflectance~O
infrared~O
Fourier~O
transform~O
spectra~O
showed~O
that~O
the~O
H-CuTCPP@Cu~O
OH~O
2~O
nanoarrays~O
have~O
much~O
stronger~O
CO~O
linear~O
adsorption~O
indicating~O
a~O
better~O
selectivity~O
of~O
acetic~O
acid~O
than~O
that~O
of~O
nH-CuTCPP@Cu~O
OH~O
2~O
.~O

The~B-composite
reduced~I-composite
ZnO~I-composite
nanoparticles~I-composite
supply~I-composite
extra~I-composite
CO~I-composite
to~I-composite
increase~I-composite
the~I-composite
*CO~I-composite
surface~I-composite
coverage~I-composite
on~I-composite
the~I-composite
reduced~I-composite
CuO~I-composite
nanoparticles~I-composite
which~I-composite
boosts~I-composite
the~I-composite
C-C~I-composite
coupling~I-composite
reaction~I-composite
kinetics~I-composite
on~I-composite
the~I-composite
reduced~I-composite
CuO~I-composite
surface.~I-composite
The~O
geometric~O
arrangement~O
and~O
composition~O
of~O
phase-separated~O
CuO~O
and~O
ZnO~O
nanoparticles~O
are~O
two~O
vital~O
factors~O
influencing~O
the~O
CO~O
utilization~O
efficiency.~O

Consequently~O
the~B-composite
use~I-composite
of~I-composite
Cu2O-ZnO~I-composite
mixtures~I-composite
may~I-composite
be~I-composite
of~I-composite
application~I-composite
for~I-composite
the~I-composite
continuous~I-composite
electrochemical~I-composite
formation~I-composite
of~I-composite
methanol~I-composite
although~O
further~O
research~O
is~O
still~O
required~O
in~O
order~O
to~O
develop~O
highly~O
active~O
selective~O
and~O
stable~O
catalysts~O
the~O
electroreduction~O
of~O
CO2~O
to~O
methanol.~O
